1. Tyler1 THE_WORST_JUNGLER_EVER 1|So he starts off level one just doing this. Like oh he's gonna like bro he losing, doesn't hit a single thing. Look at it like- what the fuck. Like bro okay whatever. Watch this top dive bro. I solo made Vayne one HP, right? Just wait out and fucking ghost, you twat.
2. Tyler1 THE_WORST_JUNGLER_EVER 2|Okay whatever you're auto-ing a ward sure it's fine. Bro what are you d- just wait you fucking freak. Where's he walking to by the way? What the fuck! It's not a win-trade this guy played as our Jarvan too. He's a one-trick like bro.
3. Tyler1 Superbowl HYPE|First thing's first let me talk about this. We headin' to the super bowl baby. We're super bowl-bound baby! I can't wait! We worked all off-season for this moment bro. We're peaking, we are going to the super bowl. I can't wait 'til they take me on their like private jet with them.
4. Tyler1 Superbowl HYPE 2|It's gonna be crazy. We are going to the bowl bitches. Ah but no seriously, then we play the eagles next week on our turf? Oh baby! I can't wait baby let's go.
5. Tyler1HeartCondition1|Guys okay listen let's talk about something real quick. I swear to God like yeah my cardio wasn't the best but bro I'm not like- I'm not cope- Like I'm not crazy. I have this sharp pain in my heart from time to time. Like actual sharp, like right when I like do a 30-second jog or whatever or when I sneeze or when I do bench. I feel it a lot. I'm not crazy like I'm not I swear to God actually. 
6. Tyler1HeartCondition2|Guys I'm not- again, I'm not- I'm not like one of those people. I'm just saying. This actually started after I got my booster shot
7. Tyler1HeartCondition3|to go to Korea. Because I- I had to get re-vaxxed, right? Ever s- I had to get er- a booster shot to go there. Bro my armpits, first of all, swelled like crazy like first of all. And then I have this sharp pain right here in my chest.
8. Tyler1HeartCondition4|When I bench like I feel it. I went to the doctor for it several times and they're like well it's not your heart because if it was your heart, you wouldn't grab it like this, you would go like this. I'm like bro, I- like, why are you acting like that like I know. I'm telling you what it is. So that's the time I went to the doctor and I was like um oh he told me I need to lose weight.
9. Tyler1HeartCondition5|Too big so okay I was like nice I've lost 25 pounds. Actually. And my heart, my- this thing right here still hurts like crazy uh so I don't know bro. Anyway, long- so what I was saying was when I do uh cardio like when I like, for instance, I ran on Saturday in that flag football
10. Tyler1HeartCondition6|Bro I ran the first play of the game. I scored like a 65-yard touchdown. I was done for the rest of the day. I just had like a dagger right here in my heart. Dagger. Eventually, I- I could catch my breath. Eventually.
11. Tyler1HeartCondition7|Like that's not just cardio that's like- I don't know bro. I'm not like an anti-whatever person! I'm just saying this 100 percent started after I got the- the booster shot. That's it. Hundred percent. Never had- never experienced this before, never did anything else. It was after I had the boo- booster shot. For sure. I don't know what the fuck it is. That- that was two years ago.
15. Tyler1HeartCondition11|He told me to lose weight. It was like it's stress when I said it was stress. Bro all I'm saying is it has not gotten any better and it's been a year and a half and I still feel it every day. W-welcome to your thirties! Health start right here, right there. I don't- like whatever but something's wrong with my shit right here. Somethings one hundred- I don't know if it's like a muscle.
16. Tyler1HeartCondition12|I don't know if it's like a muscle or whatever but when I expand my like- even right now when I expand my chest, it hurts. When I sneeze, it's a da- ah uh like I'm getting stabbed with something actually. When I sneeze, I'm getting stabbed in the- in the heart.
17. Tyler1HeartCondition13|And then when I bench, right? Going down doesn't hurt but going up hurts. I don't know what the fuck it is bro. I may going down slow I dunno. Muscle strain- I would say maybe but bro I have not been lifting like that, like I was before, to try and get to heal and it's not healing at all.
18. Tyler1Heartcondition14|It's not. I don't think it's- I don't know. Maybe it's like muscle inside the muscle I don't know. Sternum? Fracture? Would it really not heal in like a year and a half? Great question for a doctor! No bro dude I can't. Listen, it's ha- doctor's see too many people in a day actually. Have your bench here, I don't bench every day.
19. Tyler1HeartCondition15|I don't bench like that, guys. I don't bench like that nowadays guys. I don't- I don't do that. You guys have no idea. I don't do that shit. I'm trying to get it better. I stopped even barbell benching I just do light dumbbell and very- very light like twenty-five, thirty, it doesn't- I don't know what- alright Satan. Bro I've lived in for fourteen years. I had no problem until Korea. 
21. Tyler1 Discovered The Reason Behind His Head Dent 1|I'm using this headset today so you're gonna hear a little bit of gain. The gain's a little bit louder and it's more annoying but it is what it is bro. That I- I used that- the- the headset I've been using all my life for another month after stopping bro it's actually squishing my head.
22. Tyler1 Discovered The Reason Behind His Head Dent 2|Seriously. That is what the dent is from. Now this is the G432, and it's so much comfier. But the mic quality's a little bit worse but whatever bro. It is what it is. Deal with it. Anyway we back at it guys.
23. Tyler1 vs The Most Creative RACIST in The Chat 1|You look like Lego piece two, fi- wait. That is racist! That is racist as fuck bro! Bro this guy typed in the chat 'you look like Lego piece two-five-five-zero-C-zero-one' and look what it is.
24. Tyler1 vs The Most Creative RACIST in The Chat 2|Bro you are banned by the way. That is crazy. Creative, but that's too much. That is crazy bro. Fuck is wrong with people?
25. RX Tyler1 - League Players Make Fun of Dadler1_1|Guys. You're a father. hahaha Of course you can't. The Kennen says "yo you're the ugliest streamer I think on the platform please no type". Wait that's just so not true. Wait, no shot this guy is no-no way no hands Larry serious that- 
26. RX Tyler1 - League Players Make Fun of Dadler1_2|his girlfriend, boyfriend whatever would one hundred percent leave him for me one hundred percent. That is crazy thing to type. Plus i was  so out of pocket, the fuck. That guy responded so fast to that, he had to have that like, like  pre-thought. It took him six seconds to randomly type that. He- this guy had some stuff on his mind before I-I even typed, for sure.
27. RX Tyler1 on the HUGE League of Legends DRAMA_1|Wait also speaking about League bro, I'm not going to lie apparently there's drama going on. Usually I don't notice it because it's never on Twitter but apparently there's a lot of Twitter drama going on. Bro, Why the first thing I don't do, there's drama. I've been saying for years I need like, there needs to be more drama.
31. RX Tyler1 on his Child_s Gender_02|Stop. Just call it it. She's like "no I know it's a he." I was like, you don't know that! So when we did our uh reveal like- our like- the- we got the results whatever and it was a girl, I literally was jumping up and cheering. Literally. Just because- bro I'm trolling. Uh because Caiyla was wrong, so by default I was happy. I guarantee the next one's going to be a boy. Yeah I know.
32. RX Tyler1 on his Child_s Gender_03|But then after that if that's also a girl then you can do uh whatever it's called, I forgot what it's called. Keep rolling until boy? No no no no no no not having five. I can't imagine five girl- ah! Bro imagine having like five girls- ah! Five Micaiylas- ah! Uh-uh fuck that! Absolutely not.
33. RX Tyler1 on his Child_s Gender_04|The cycle will end with you. Exactly bro. I'm literally like Kratos dude, I swear to God. I will not let my children feel that rage. I will not let it consume them.
34. RX Tyler1 is WORRIED About His Child_01|She's going to be a big of- a bit of a problem and then she also said she was the wildest baby she's ever seen, kept calling her a nut bro. Like this Baby's nuts, like this baby is going to be a problem bro. And dude, then I was thinking bro please do not be like your mother, please.
35. RX Tyler1 is WORRIED About His Child_02|No offense to Caiyla, love Caiyla to death, but please bro I cannot take two Caiylas running around the house. Seriously. Seriously please, please bro I can't do it- ah! That's all I've been thinking about, oh my God. Imagine Caiyla but two- ah! Ah!
37. RX Tyler1 Accepts His 6 Years Old Friend Invites 2|You think these people still play? I kinda want to add them and see unless they get like re-priority but then- like- like this guy baseballjosh73. That's a normie ass name. This guy does not still play I'm adding him. Nope, no ranked games, nothing this season. Match history in twenty- oh I guess it was two months ago.
38. RX Tyler1 Accepts His 6 Years Old Friend Invites 3|I guess it was two- I guess he played a little bit. He played four games this year. His last game was 2022. He'll never know he was added, bro. Unfriend. This guy's online, what the fuck? Should I message this guy? Yo what's up? Just added you cause you accepted one. Yeah but would he appeared at the bottom? This guy was on the bottom. Let me ask.
39. RX Tyler1 Accepts His 6 Years Old Friend Invites 4|If I say just now will you remove me? How do I remove this guy in uh in champ fucking- champ loading screen? How do I remove him? Is there a way to remove this guy? Piece of shit. Block on the wheel up here? I'm not-
40. RX Tyler1 Accepts His 6 Years Old Friend Invites 5|Type slash unfriend? Yeah that's going to work. hahaha Now look at him trying to be like wait a minute. If I beat you in a 1v1 you have to keep me added. Yes bro I think I'll 1v1 you. Are these people delusional? Scared? Are you scared? Not worth my time. Let's go back to adding people.
41. RX Tyler1 Accepts His 6 Years Old Friend Invites 6|Let's go back to adding these guys and seeing when the last time they played was. Again, this account was made in season six- or excuse me season- the day I got or the like weekend before I got unbanned and these requests have been filled. All right so this guy added me and has not played in like three years. On to the next. This guy plays flex.
42. RX Tyler1 Accepts His 6 Years Old Friend Invites 7|Played one game two months ago. That was his only game in the last two years. Not looking too hot guys, not looking too hot. This guy hasn't played in three- since I was unbanned, probably. Riot what happened?
43. RX Tyler1 Accepts His 6 Years Old Friend Invites 8|Okay this guy played a little bit at the start of the year so it's been a year. Tyler, are people who added you years ago? Yes and we're seeing it that they still play. Thighlover? Even thighlover quit? It's been a year since thighlover played. No dude I'm trying to find one that's online.
44. RX Tyler1 Accepts His 6 Years Old Friend Invites 9|They didn't quit they were banned. So you think sheleftme got banned? No something else happened to him. What bro? Type it. You went to Happy Land? Oh I want to go. I want to go. I want to go. I love Happy Land! Dude these people, these people.
45. Tyler1 x Fortnite LEAKED|You still play Fortnite? Not right now but spoiler alert, I got something coming up in a couple weeks that I'm going to have to actually practice Fortnite for. Seriously, we're going mainstream. He's got a skin. Yes I have a Fortnite skin coming. How did you guys know?
46. Tyler1 on Macaiyla_s Pregnancy Privileges 1|Caiyla just got home. She was excited because today was the first day she like, the grocery store has a for pregnant or expecting, like a pregnancy parking, so she got to park up front and use it. I was telling her she was probably like so extra with it like pulling up her shirt to her stomach and like rubbing her stomach and, wait a minute does that mean if I'm driving her I could park there?
47. Tyler1 on Macaiyla_s Pregnancy Privileges 2|And to be honest, if she's not even with me, can I park there? Because technically I'm expecting a child. No? Why not? You know how mentally like it's- it's- it's a mental thing for me like, I'm mentally expecting a child so why can't I? I'm mentally exhausted so I can't walk from the regular parking spot to the car or to- to the store- in the store. Is that true or false?
48. Tyler1 Finds REAL Monkey in Chat 1|Guy said "so what you dodged? Who care when you play for- play it for fun not, to won to won. Don't be stupid piece of shit." Previous message was "so what you lose? Not care when you play for fun not to won to won. Don't be a piece of shit," right? And then his profile picture's this. D'you think that's a selfie? Do you think there's a monkey actually operating this account?
53. Tyler1 Reveals His Daughter Name|You have a name for your daughter yet? Yes, Helga. Helda Steinkamp. What? You guys think that's a bad name? Helga? No it's not Helga. Well true, if her name was actually Helga I feel like from birth she'd squat like five hundred pounds, deadlift four hundred, bench three hundred just by default.
54. Tyler1 Rap|Like I'm crying, I'm flying high. Always high, so high. Got that weed smoke in my eye. Sometimes I just kinda wanna die but life is life. Damn I need a life.
55. Tyler1 Rant 1|It's why I told- it's why I had fucking Conrad bring- cause Conrad's on here all the time. I said, Conrad bring people in who you know. Idiots. One hundred percent on purpose. You should see my days off. My Twitter DMs are death threats. Like hahaha like- like people- fucking pronounce they have like a ? to the name of shit sending me death threats.
56. Tyler1 about his Brother_s Daughter Emmy 1|Ugh and then we've- we've had Emmy around today. That was yesterday, our family came over blah blah blah blah blah uh now I've had Emmy over today, dude I can't. She's three now. This child does not calm down like she's up from 8:00 a.m. to like 10:00 p.m.
57. Tyler1 about his Brother_s Daughter Emmy 2|And then it's no resting ever. She's constantly du-du-du-du-du-du-du-du-du, right? Constantly. Like it's insane. So today- that was last- I could explain forever what she did yesterday. Just, she's not bad she's just energy. So anyway today she was just yelling, she was eating a cake pop, right?
58. Tyler1 about his Brother_s Daughter Emmy 3|Taking a bite, putting it down, running around the house in circles yelling "cake pop! Cake pop! Cake pop! Cake pop!" For I kid you not ten minutes no rest. No rest. The stamina is going to be crazy on Emmy. She's gonna be an Olympic Athlete running her constantly.
59. Tyler1 about his Brother_s Daughter Emmy 4|Then she brought out this rolling chair okay and she's like "Uncle T push me!" Because that's our- our thing where I like, I put her on the wood floor and I'm telling you I- I get that chair going. I get that rolling chair going bro.
60. Tyler1 about his Brother_s Daughter Emmy 5|Like I am woo! We are catching some speed in that chair, I'm not kidding. Problem is the hallway. We eat up the hallway a lot like it goes really fast before we get to the window so I like set on the brakes bro and that kills my legs I'm not going to lie.
62. Riot Please FIX THE GAME 1|Remove ranked check dude. I don't understand why these aren't considered. Like all my queue time reduction problems are up to date, good changes. Like it is the- it is a culture shift in gaming. It would help. Nobody wants to wait. It's zoomer paradise. Everybody is like has to be given satisfaction now.
64. Tyler1 Almost Didn_t Made It To The Meet and Greet 1|Yeah I had a fan meet and greet. So we left on Friday or so you guys thought I left on Friday. You guys thought I left on Friday, as did I bro, as did I. But it turns out that Caiyla, instead of having the tickets for like June, she had them for July so I walked up to the- the like terminal like, oh what's up guys uh boarding pass ain't working.
65. Tyler1 Almost Didn_t Made It To The Meet and Greet 2|What's going on there? What's happened? The guy, he was like, "um Tyler, come here." Yeah he- he called me Tyler without the one, how dare he address me like that. I almost had to do naughty things. Anyway he's like Tyler come here so I like- like leaned over, I was like yes? He like held up the phone and like pointed, I was like aaah shit!
66. Tyler1 Almost Didn_t Made It To The Meet and Greet 3|I was like hahaha brother, hey I gotta be somewhere. What can you help me with? Help a brother out please! He like cracked his hands, he was like "I'll see what I can do." I was like, my brother! Aye! I was like hey, my boy!
67. Tyler1 Almost Didn_t Made It To The Meet and Greet 4|And he got to work, right? We got to stay, he found me a flight same day, same specifications. You only know- you already know I don't fly poor, gotta be first class only, paid with exposure, right? Anyway so he found it, he's like "oh it's okay Mr. Steinkamp, I uh found a flight for you; leaves in an hour."
68. Tyler1 Almost Didn_t Made It To The Meet and Greet 5|Nice bro! I was like saved! We're gonna make it! We're gonna make it to the fan meet baby! Let's go! Right? Then it starts going. I go and I wait at my terminal bro turns out as I'm walking there I hear on like one of the like TSA people or gate people's radio, "we have a code red we have a code red I repeat this is a code red um lightning within three miles over." I'm like hahaha.
69. Tyler1 Almost Didn_t Made It To The Meet and Greet 6|hahaha good one bro, good one. So I get to the terminal bro the flight's delayed by an hour, okay whatever. I'm waiting for an hour, right? I had just got off of work bro, waited for an hour, waited two hours. Lady uh the agent at the front was like "it turns out the flight from Dallas has turned around and it is now going back to Dallas."
71. Tyler1 Almost Didn_t Made It To The Meet and Greet 8|You're kidding me, so I'm waiting whatever. I check my email it says "your flight has been delayed for like 7:30. Your flight's been delayed to 8:30. Your flight's been delayed to 9:30, to 10:30, to 1 a.m., to 2 a.m., to 5 a.m." Okay- I'm- at this point I'm like I'll wait like two hours. The agents went home, they left, they're all gone.
73. Tyler1 Almost Didn_t Made It To The Meet and Greet 10|Now I'm- 5 a.m I'm- I've just gotten to my hotel which, by the way DreamHack, we've got to do better. That was a woof! That hotel was rough. I get in there, the fire detector isn't going- it's just going off every like- almost like the battery is low beep. Right in my hotel room beep like- like please, I'm trying to get three hours of sleep please beep, beep.
74. Tyler1 Almost Didn_t Made It To The Meet and Greet 11|So then I- you're not supposed to touch it, right. I don't care. I didn't- I didn't grab a chair, I didn't need one. I just stood up, I just like took it off and I started messing with it and shit. I don't care bro beep, beep, I messed with it. Now though I actually press the button and now it's just going off like a fire detector beep, beep, beep, beep, beep. I had to call the front desk.
75. Tyler1 Almost Didn_t Made It To The Meet and Greet 12|Oh my God. Like twenty minutes later, they send somebody, they finally fixes it okay. Now I got like two hours to sleep before I gotta do this meet and greet which whatever it's been like two hours, went there, blah blah blah.
76. Tyler1 Shows His $21,000 Couch IRL 1|Try not mess this up. 'Sup? 'Sup? What up we back at it, 'sup, 'sup? Uh this is our second ever- in case you guys missed it, we're doing a couch stream today. I don't know bro but I got a new couch. I got a new- the league whatever. I don't care like blah blah blah Worlds. Boom! My new couch came in!
77. Tyler1 Shows His $21,000 Couch IRL 2|Do you hear me? I took out a loan! I sold an arm and a leg. I paid in all the exposure I could bro! And it arrived yesterday! And finally! We ordered it in June and it finally came! And I would like to present you guys with my brand new couch.
78. Tyler1 Shows His $21,000 Couch IRL 3|Look at Nelson. You see Nelson loves it. Look at it. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom! Look at it!
79. Tyler1 Shows His $21,000 Couch IRL 4|Bro we could do a sleeping stream now. No joke bro! Look at this kid's so comfy and it's like perfect and it's casual! Look at this bro.
80. Tyler1 Shows His $21,000 Couch IRL 5|What's up guys? Dude imagine this being my job like look how hard streaming is. I- people are like, Big T there's no way streaming's as- as hard as being a doctor or like a- a construction worker or like a lawyer or a judge or a police officer like that
81. Tyler1 Shows His $21,000 Couch IRL 6|and I tell them where you're wrong bro, this is the hardest job on the planet I have to come here and physically sweat my ass off every day on the job to provide for billions, nay trillions of people. I mean it's pretty difficult bro it really is.
83. Tyler1 After Seeing Yorick BUFF 1|Nice. We're buffing the most broken champion in the game. Guys, let's go. The most broken champion in the game. The reason York's win rate is so bad is because only terrible players play York, by the way, only terrible.
T1 Talks (10)|Like it looking clunky whatever I'm talking about the sounds. I love the sound of it.
T1 Talks (100)|Karthus dies there. Nobody else dies. He lived, he lived by one HP. This Riven's gonna 1v9 in this game by the way, it's not playable.
T1 Talks (101)|Smolder is big. Smolder is big, but we might have to play this one perfectly.
T1 Talks (102)|Little late on the TP, Talon. Little late bro. Little late buddy.
T1 Talks (103)|This one is gonna have to, I think we need a little bit of a miracle at this point now. I'm not gonna lie, we are so behind it's crazy. Scored, like the score doesn't do it justice, but yeah.
T1 Talks (104)|Surely this Hullbreaker was a good buy. Hullbreaker's broken on, uh, on Urgot bro. Get with the times. Educated. Educate yourself, brother.
T1 Talks (105)|Hallbreaker worked well in that fight, bro. It gives you, it's bugged that it gives you bonus damage on your W. I have no idea what to build.
T1 Talks (106)|It's a different game, by the way, if after this Talon kills the Taliyah top lane, t resets and comes to dragons.
T1 Talks (107)|They're showing your crib other today. No problem, Tess. I didn't think that hit. I was gonna die anyway. But I don't think that Taliyah wall hit. This guy's way too big. I mean, both their APs are way too big. I mean, if we're being, it's just these two actually.
T1 Talks (108)|You had Flash up, couldn't you E in then Flash back. Oh fuck. True. True.
T1 Talks (109)|Challenger Talon one trick, by the way. Got beaten by a drum by autofill. I'm, sick. I'm sick.
T1 Talks (11)|Whatever, bro. Anyway, officially, we back get this chat restriction off my screen, by the way, and to celebrate our Challenger thing, I got something actually really special for you guys today. I got something really special for you today. We're actually full VOD muted and we are playing a different playlist, playing my gym playlist today. That's worth a celebration. That is worth a celebration.
T1 Talks (110)|We should buy more MR since it's literally just these two. It's, I mean, honest to God, it's, I think it's just Taliyah. Maybe if we kill Taliyah somehow we can win. She has no flash, right?
T1 Talks (112)|Why do one tricks always underperform? I mean, dude, it's just shameful. Uh, it's just shameful, bro.
T1 Talks (113)|Imagine if you only played one character and then you underperformed 99 percent of your games as a challenger player. Nasty work, real nasty work.
T1 Talks (114)|How's that even possible? I have no idea. How's it possible for that talent to die like that? I have no idea. Where the fuck is this playlist at?
T1 Talks (115)|This Smolder played well. Nautilus was an ape, but he picked Nautilus into Rell, so at no point can he play. Just a bad lock in.
T1 Talks (117)|I don't drink soda, Smitty, so I have no idea. I did in the past, like when I was eight or in eighth grade.
T1 Talks (119)|Which that Smolder, no matter what, Smolder is gonna have to lose his bounty that game 'cause they did too much damage with Karthus-Riven.
T1 Talks (12)|Uh, probably just today only though. Just so you guys know. So if you're watching the VOD, you're not gonna hear any audio. Apologies, guys. It's gonna be me sitting here mute.
T1 Talks (120)|Yes Matthew. Eternity what's up? Is it me or Smolder's mid, he's broken on enemy team. He rarely loses. Actually, I only have like two, three losses- wins against him. I think he's broken.
T1 Talks (121)|Yeah, that was for sure a checkmate there somewhere I was winning for sure. Let's check it.
T1 Talks (122)|It was mate in four. Fuck it I have enough time. Fuck.
T1 Talks (123)|Mid preferred, so we have a filled botlane. It's gotta be fine, right? I'm against a Karma top. This matchup sucks.
T1 Talks (124)|Let's hope that was my team that dodged. I'm me. I'm me.
T1 Talks (125)|Who's, uh, who's Onyx Freddy talking to? Fucking useless trash Freddy.
T1 Talks (126)|Actually, I'm not gonna do this, that I'm not gonna do it. What if, uh, Viego just level two gankme? Uh, no, I'm not gonna do that.
T1 Talks (127)|Yeah, and we lost Grub and this guy's just gonna walk top and take over this wave. I have TF ult. Oh, I can't ping it and I can't type from the alt account.
T1 Talks (128)|If Olaf came out today, he would be manaless. True. Very true. I think, oh, Grub's responding. They're gonna be top. I'll say, I think I just gotta run at this guy, because if I don't, we're just gonna lose. If I, if this guy doesn't go O five, we're just gonna lose.
T1 Talks (129)|When you use W for this matchup, I'm not ever using it till I all in because I don't like if you W they can like run at you after.
T1 Talks (13)|You spoil us, Tyler. I know, bro. I know. I give you, you guys take me for granted.
T1 Talks (130)|But my jungle's a top main. Why didn't he ask for top? But I mean, their jungle's a support main, but they have a barcode like name like that. So it's, it's probably in a shared account.
T1 Talks (131)|Nice. Nice. Okay and mid got a solo kill. Okay, we're back. We're back.
T1 Talks (132)|I needed one more wave for my Sterak's, but I have a bounty and our team is so far Bo,bot like so on the precipi- whatever the fuck the word's called of losing.
T1 Talks (133)|Oh no T1's real gym playlist is sexy red. Shut up bro. Prescription. Yeah, that's the word.
T1 Talks (134)|This guy has Hourglass now. So he just Hourglasses my ult, but I think Hourglass cooldown is 120 second. My ult cooldown's 90 So.
T1 Talks (135)|If you died. Yeah, that was fucking close. It actually turned the fight though because they had to turn, turn around. That was ice in my veins.
T1 Talks (136)|I never build this item. Let's fucking try it. So what does this give me? When I cast ultimate, gives me 50 percent attack speed or 30 percent attack speed, 15 percent movement speed.
T1 Talks (137)|I mean, there's no way for them to get engaged on unless it's Leona ult. But how are you dying? How are you getting hit by that amolder? I don't think you can.
T1 Talks (138)|My bitches do be bad and bougie. I do get the bad and bougie bitches. Sir.
T1 Talks (139)|Yo jungler. Maybe we ask for a swap bro. For a jungle main or for a top main, sup.
T1 Talks (140)|You was fucking spitting, bro. But you told your eight Achilles bowling though, or you said balling. Okay. Thought you said bowling. I was like, damn.
T1 Talks (141)|You making those noises is gonna be so weird in the VOD because they don't hear the music playing. Yeah. Remember our old Wednesday streams?
T1 Talks (142)|What's your ELO up by seeing that Challenger emblem on your profile? I never look at this shit, bro. Here. Isn't there a border you can set?
T1 Talks (143)|I don't know how to do it. I've never done it. I never bothered to do it. Oh, here. Wow. That's epic.
T1 Talks (144)|Young Thug raps like he's speaking your stream titles. Don't disrespect me, boy.
T1 Talks (145)|T1 why did 6,000 people leave after your rap? 'ause they're haters, bro. Let the haters hate man.
T1 Talks (146)|Free Young Thug. I see he was in getting like his court hit. What'd he do? What's he getting charged with? I have no idea, bro. Is every rapper in prison, by the way?
T1 Talks (147)|He was getting charged for everything. Damn. Me personally, I wouldn't let that happen. That's me personally. I wouldn't get caught. I wouldn't get caught.
T1 Talks (148)|I would a, I actually all, I remember when I did play this matchup, I lose both sides of this matchup. Unfortunately, I've never won against Illaoi as Urgot, and I've never beaten Urgot as Illaoi. It's weird. Uh, I'm gonna try Chain though.
T1 Talks (149)|So you suck on both sides of the matchup? Yes, unfortunately.
T1 Talks (15)|Uh, not sure how long today's stream is though. It's, bro, it's Saturday. Probably like six hours. Don't be greedy. Don't be greedy.
T1 Talks (150)|I need a law room telly to telly to what. Please help. Where you at, bro? Where you at? What world? I'll come?
T1 Talks (151)|I have played with, I played with a rapper a few weeks ago. He went jungle, didn't buy items, died to Red, typed his SoundCloud link at all chat and left the game. Okay. Is that actually a rapper though, or is that just a person who raps?
T1 Talks (152)|W start. Maybe I do walk up. I think you went W start just to clear that war actually. Damn.
T1 Talks (153)|Uh, Illaoi good versus range champs, like Urgot. Urgots, not ranged so I dunno what you're saying.
T1 Talks (154)|Well, I did what I could. Bingo. That's bullshit if that miss is garbage.
T1 Talks (155)|No grass E max. Nah, you're not farming any grass stack against Urgot, you're not trading early, so it doesn't matter.
T1 Talks (156)|Forget what's up brother. Thanks for that sub, eight con thanks for that as well. Monsters have caffeine? Yes. A little.
T1 Talks (157)|Now that guy did no damage. Crazy part is my Chains didn't reduce any, it just, he did nothing. My hains only reduced what, 162 by the way.
T1 Talks (158)|It's not stacked. Yeah, I know, but I'm just saying like people would think that Urgot did so little damage there because they didn't have Chains or because I had Chains.
T1 Talks (159)|All right, Urgot's gonna be here. It is pretty. I think this is the game actually. Think if they fight this, whoever wins this fight, unless it's close, wins the game.
T1 Talks (16)|Also, we were at doing this playlist thing, right? Getting the music so it doesn't come up on the VOD or whatever. And my mouse feels funny. Joe made me download some weird program, and I'm not going to lie, my mouse feels funny just saying.
T1 Talks (160)|Yeah Samira has to die there. That was too good of a Rell ult. I don't know these, these Rells are 1v9ing the game every game. I don't know why you cannot. I dunno why we're just like going Braum and Nautilus into 'em. Fuck. Actually, he's so good 'cause we picked Ergot. We got Samira Flash plus half HP. We just gotta play that slow.
T1 Talks (161)|Yeah, Braum's just griefing. Braum's griefing this Bel'Veth is dogshit. Nice try guys. Ooh, terrible games today. Uh, I think I remember was, I mean, whatever we could have won that, uh, this, this fight right here, and I think it's a different game, but this is too hard.
T1 Talks (163)|Why did my Bel'Vejust, can we go next? What the fuck? What was, hello?
T1 Talks (164)|No, she didn't. There was no Krugs. She just watched me. What's going on today, by the way? What is, what is, what is this garbage we're playing.
T1 Talks (165)|Worth. Braum 1K. Let's go. We're like, we're no voting, by the way. It's so crazy.
T1 Talks (166)|I mean, I don't see the win-con. I don't see what my jungle item, watch this VOD by the way, I gotta watch what this junjust did to me down here.
T1 Talks (167)|I don't know. Nasty game. Nasty game from my bot lane. Me getting ghosted top lane. Gragas killing me, losing five plates in that fight. Let's watch this VOD though. These are, I mean, bro, these are terrible games by the way. This is actually crazy.
T1 Talks (168)|Like, dude, this like, what the fuck is this? Why by the way, have I played five games today and my jungle has done this every single game, even in our wins, bro, what the fuck is this? Shit's so disgusting to play.
T1 Talks (17)|I can't turn it up guys. I can go this much. I cannot turn it up. I can't actually listen to it and play, so it has to be low enough I don't hear it.
T1 Talks (170)|I might win most of my jungle games, but bro, it's not dude play, dude play the game like you're not having fun. Play the game. I could watch my VOD. True. I was, I was watching, I was, uh, I was, I was actually watching there. I'm pretty sure Bel'Veth just like watched me the entire time.
T1 Talks (171)|This isn't bannable, by the way, right? So Urgot walks in, in this bush, he's dead. 100. Look at my Bel'Veth by the way. Watch Bel'Veth as I'm fighting Urgot, by the way. Oh, he's like, oh, now, now I'm gonna help. He doesn't do anything. Doesn't cast his ability. Look where he W.
T1 Talks (172)|What is this, by the way? This has got to be a trade fucking cancer man.
T1 Talks (173)|Any of these players make it to challenger though. That's what they, they're, it's not possible. Like that guy playing like that would not, if, if that was how he normally played, he would not win a single game. It's not possible.
T1 Talks (174)|I dunno who to ban. Urgot I guess. My jungler, my support's hovering Bard.
T1 Talks (175)|Now, if we would've won that dragon fight, I'm pretty sure we win that game. I'd have to check. Dude, that was a 30 minute game and my jungle did 3000 damage. So I feel like in all the fights that we lost, he wasn't playing. So maybe we never had a chance of winning. I don't know.
T1 Talks (176)|This game will be better right guys? I just need, guys, I just need to see some fucking effort out of the fucking jungle role please. Like every game, just cannot be jungle diff please.
T1 Talks (177)|Is that a fucking joke, by the way, dude, I'm kind of tilted by this Bel'Veth still, bro. This guy has a 74percent win rate on Bel'Veth. Dude, I'm a bit, this guy has me like one guy. What the fuck is this? He's 25 and si- like, bro, we're serious.
T1 Talks (178)|I did play with this guy before and he randomly picked Kayn and did this as well.
T1 Talks (179)|Barbecue sauce, Meteos. Meteos stop talking like we're friends bro. I don't like you. Leave me the fuck alone. Stay outta my life, asshole.
T1 Talks (18)|I never hear your music. So what? So when I've come to figure out is watching imaqtpie, again, God blesses. If you watch it on like tv, you hear music more.
T1 Talks (180)|Girl, how did my Bel'Veth do 4,000 fucking damage? I'm just gonna first pick. How did my Bel'Veth do 4,000 fucking damage? How did my Bel'Veth do 4,000 damage? Why? You have to be mad.
T1 Talks (181)|I don't care. I just haven't done it since eighth grade. I stopped drinking soda in eighth grade because it made me, I was cramping in track practice. It probably wasn't even the, I probably just outta shape. But yeah, I just haven't had it since then.
T1 Talks (182)|If I would've killed and like traded that one for one. Oh my God, so good.
T1 Talks (183)|Fat-ass trade if I hit. Alright, that's about it for me playing disrespectfully. He was gonna have ult now I need to actually play it smart. Not E ever. I think he gets lane prio now unfortunately. I'm not gonna go, I am not going QSS till I got to spear.
T1 Talks (184)|You should play Cleanse instead of Ignite. Oh. Oh, you're right. So I just can, so I can just Cleanse his ult, holy fuck. You're right. Wow, I never thought of that. That's a good play actually.
T1 Talks (185)|I actually 1v9'd the fuck outta that, by the way. Oh my God. I hit so many crucial.
T1 Talks (186)|This top ranked six. He can't play against him. This guy who he can't, he's a, first of all, he's a Riven one trick but secondly, he hates Illaoi for sure. He hates her for sure.
T1 Talks (187)|I used to buy OG Snapchat names with my own money. You're an idiot. Money from what? You never had a, you've never had a real job in your life.
T1 Talks (188)|Why could it never be easy, by the way? Why is losing so fucking easy and winning a game is so hard? People cannot play the game seriously. So now we lose another dragon. Now we're down two dragons. Now we're forced to end without soul. These guys can stall this game fore0-
T1 Talks (189)|I mean, there's like an argument because like it's a video game. People wanna play the game to have fun. Should they be able to like go for plays that like once I think yes, but it makes the game so much harder.
T1 Talks (19)|Made it to Plat 4 in 130 games. Glad we peaked, bro. That's like gold. That's gold, bro. Actually.
T1 Talks (190)|Always happens on weekend. My guys keep saying that. Like I don't play, like I haven't been playing league the last two weekends. What are you saying?
T1 Talks (191)|aI think I got to 300 LP in the first place. Whatever, bro. There's nothing you can do. The Ash support 1v9s apparently. It is what it is, guys. Another fucking loss cuz my team's full of fucking retards every single goddamn game.
T1 Talks (192)|Just bounty after bounty after bounty inted. Zero objectives taken. We don't care about dragon, we're just playing for, I mean, it's not fun 'cause they're just like, these plays aren't close like that. Was that botlane Taliyah playing close Absolutely not.
T1 Talks (193)|Game is turning pure shit. I mean, I am a firm believer that it's player gap, and unfortunately if you're anybody, these fucking freaks cannot play. Like we're trying to show out for what bro.
T1 Talks (194)|You threw that dragon pit. Yeah, bro. That was a fucking hard throw, wasn't it? We definitely weren't losing before that. My Taliyah and MF definitely didn't run down their bounties like fucking retards I think actually. These are just terrible at League of Legends.
T1 Talks (195)|Enemy top gets perma just exist. They, they just have to show up into the match. They just have to press Q up and get a free win.
T1 Talks (196)|Is he the Ashe support? This guy's actually 1v9. This actually is actually I- the problem, she's doing more damage than- she might be most damaged in the game right now actually. Actually, Taliyah's probably first, Ashe is probably second.
T1 Talks (197)|Is it as bad RNG? I mean, it's just what? A hundred percent player gap? I don't really think that's RNG.
T1 Talks (198)|I mean this game is, uh, game's actually a lot different 'cause we actually had to elite this game surprisingly.
T1 Talks (199)|Supp gap is too big. And like I said before, because we got zero dragons with a winning top, winning mid, winning bot, winning jungle, right? They now have soul. And even if my teammates weren't dogshit, the game would not be winnable.
T1 Talks (2)|Why didn't that work? Oh, I see. Hold on, I got one. Gimme one second.
T1 Talks (20)|Okay. Maybe we dodge, bro, if we're autofill spamming, like also, by the way, nobody, okay. If somebody's autofill and they type, I'm auto-filled randomly without saying anything like, nobody like asking them about it, they're fucking doomed.
T1 Talks (200)|Braums are free loss. I've got, I've gotten two Braums today and they're complete dogshit. The champ literally just stands there. The crazy part about it is none of these guys play Braum. Like this guy never plays Braum. The last brah never played Braum.
T1 Talks (201)|It's like all, it's just too much. It's everything like, do we win this game if my jungle, AD don't int their bounties for no reason for fun. By the way, when dragon's up, obviously right.
T1 Talks (202)|You're a little deep bro, don't you think. Braum! Don't you think, bro, you're a little deep there hu
T1 Talks (203)|Realistically, I play for Black Cleaver there and I stay another wave, but something terrible happens.
T1 Talks (204)|If you, for put for recall when you, instead of pushing inhib, I wanna get inhib, I would just stay, Mordekaiser was botlane. I would get an inhib, I would, I would get an extra wave, which maybe gives me Black Cleaver. But no, I still don't. There's no play there, which my team for sure gets picked 'cause that just happened and I was even there.
T1 Talks (205)|Jungle's 1.2K LP. I mean, mechanically speaking, he isn't playing bad. He's just playing for fun. That's the whole, that's whole. That's the only reason wWe lost this game.
T1 Talks (207)|Yeah, this what we're, bro, let's watch this VOD. We are, it's for like, these guys do not give a sh- a flying fuck, win or lose.
T1 Talks (208)|I feel like these games with these high, like these 1000 plus players are like such a waste of time because are they gonna get, are they gonna hit rank one? No, they're not gonna hit rank one. Are they gonna drop down? No, they're too much LP to drop down. So it's like it, there's no value in the game, so obviously they're gonna play for fun. Alright, let's watch when this happened, by the way.
T1 Talks (209)|Okay, so again, dragon spawning in 10 seconds. Nice. We got a free dragon. I think I even said that. I think I said out loud by the way. Nice. Now I can go top lane. They don't need me for dragon.
T1 Talks (21)|Oh my, my challenger border looks so the sex, so the sex.
T1 Talks (210)|Alright, the Ashe is 1/2/8. What happens? My 800 gold bounty a kill, 20 Mejais stacks jungle runs at the fucking support and does this.
T1 Talks (211)|Okay, so this guy lost, gave 800 gold to Bel'Veth, lost Megais stacks, lost 850 gold, and they got objective bounty on the dragon. Like that's not a real- bro. And again, we had dragon for free, right? We had dragon for free by the way. And they went and did that for the support Ashe that they didn't even kill. Just disgusting shit, bro.
T1 Talks (212)|Then again, what happens? Alright, game's still winnable by the way. We have a 7,000 gold lead, my jungle's greeding for enemy Gromp with again, a 700 gold bounty. He cancels his own recall. He gets this recall off with Baron 100percent of the time. He cancels that to go for this.
T1 Talks (213)|Ice killed the enemy jungle. We now have a 500 gold bounty. Azir now gets what? 850 gold. My botlane comes late and does.
T1 Talks (214)|And again, this is right before dragon was spawning, right before dragon was spawning. So that's now three dragons by the way.
T1 Talks (215)|Okay, we get mid inhib because they're kind of trolling, obviously they're gonna rush it. Everybody's trying to reset. Taliyah has to ult here, gets hit by Morde- so shit.
T1 Talks (216)|Think we had two tries too. That was the mid play where they threw Baron, then all, all downhill after that play. Plus the dragon, they got third dragon can't stand these kids, these games are significantly worse than other games.
T1 Talks (217)|So whenever my jungle locks in here's by the way, zero confidence and we've lost, unfortunately. Yeah, this is some, uh, un-confident lock in. Just gonna dodge, are you filled? Oh, no. Okay. We lost. Yeah.
T1 Talks (218)|You had a Yorick lane. I ha- dude, I was pissing by the way, and I was like, what if they lock in Yorick? Do they actually pick Yorick? Wait, they actually did. Wait. That's crazy. I was literally thinking that.
T1 Talks (219)|Chains rush. It's not the pr- like whatever, Yorick, whatever. So dude, the problem is I am forced one hundred percent of the time to go against this matchup that I can never win.
T1 Talks (22)|Ah, one of these games is what it is. We can win, bro. We can win.
T1 Talks (220)|Oh, what was I saying, oh, this matchup. No. So he wins no matter what, but I, I can play it without dying, but I'm under my tower the entire game, and my teammates have to play well, and that never happens.
T1 Talks (221)|Maybe he's a Yorick one trick the rest are random. He has revenant in his name, so he is probably a Yorick. One trick.
T1 Talks (222)|Yeah, only alpha males play Yorick for sure. Oof that final score line of 2/4/2.
T1 Talks (223)|Dude, they just need to take more damage. Ayayayayayayay.
T1 Talks (224)|Chain's a pussy item. Yeah. And if you play it you're a pussy. So I really don't care.
T1 Talks (225)|Counter Yorrick, you kill Maiden. You cannot kill, dude, I get it you're silver. And in silver you guys can kill Maiden. Like the Yorrick players are just terrible and they let you kill . But that's not how, how the game actually works. Unfortunately, you guys.
T1 Talks (226)|Zoe bounce if Maiden wasn't permanent. I agree actually, I just, I just realized like two days ago that she permasummons pets, every takeout, every meaning kill. Like what do you even do?
T1 Talks (227)|That's the show I'm talking about like, okay, I can sit here in this matchup and just do this the entire game. Maybe I'll die once, but like I, you can never kill this guy. It's fucking insane.
T1 Talks (228)|Thankfully though it appears my team is like playing well, so maybe we can just do this all game and get a free win.
T1 Talks (229)|We need our dumb fucking jungle to come and get one Grub. Like you have got to get a Grub, bro. Or else you're gonna get five and then just FF.
T1 Talks (23)|Cowboy Kurt ain't gotten dirt. Cowboy Ku ain't got no dirt on his shirt.
T1 Talks (230)|Did they bring Smite top lane to Smite down aiden? They reduced, uh, Smite on pets, so you can't even do that.
T1 Talks (231)|Kind of excited to check damage charts here. How much damage do you think I did? I think I did less than 1000.
T1 Talks (232)|Did you swap playlist? We're celebrating hitting Challenger. This is not an everyday thing. Uh, back on on Monday, by the way. It'll be back to the old playlist.
T1 Talks (233)|Well, we got auto-filled. Woo-hoo. That means I should be playing against another auto-filled jungle.
T1 Talks (234)|At T1, our top, support hadn't locked in, which is why I said, how do you know who I am?
T1 Talks (235)|So this guy would've had it open if he was on the enemy team too, for sure. Right? So would he have closed, would he have closed it? If he got an enemy team, would this guy have closed it even during the game you think? I don't think he would have whatever. I'm auto-filled jungle. So surely they're do- their jungle's auto-filled as well.
T1 Talks (236)|People are whack as fuck, bro. Okay. But to be fair, any of you guys that are typing in Twitch chat, any of you guys that are typing in Twitch chat, by the way, you would for sure ghost if, if there's some lurkers in here? Probably not. But typers you, you would've ghost. You, you're huge fans. Yes you would.
T1 Talks (237)|Chess players that were nominated in the streamer awards are praising you right now? Yes, because I'm him. A GOATed God,not from this planet.
T1 Talks (238)|Can I ever even kill Krugs? Yep. But it's slow as shit. I mean, this rave's gonna be massive, but I'm playing without help. So.
T1 Talks (239)|Okay, this Jhin had flash that entire time and my TF was just like asking mid or what bro? Uh, do you wanna play the game, bro, or not really interested, or what's going on Twisted Fate?
T1 Talks (24)|No, there was this, uh, kid in my grade who would play football. Right. And he would just talk. Yap, yap, yap, yap, yap. His name was Curtis. Uh, so all the upperclassmen would, would like, made the saying called cowboy Kurt ain't got no dirt on his shirt because after a game his shirt would be spotless. 'Cause he, he didn't see the field.
T1 Talks (240)|Karma lost three plates. Three plates!
T1 Talks (241)|These guys are idiot. Yeah. FF, FF, man. Yeah jungle diff. Jesus Christ imagine ghosting and getting shit on like that. You guys are so bad at the game.
T1 Talks (242)|This guy is asking for everybody in the lobby to link OP.GG.
T1 Talks (243)|I'm getting beefy again, by the way, right here, starting to get fucking like beefy, disgusting, nasty.
T1 Talks (244)|Your unban request, my mod said, showed no remorse in unban request. I'll unban you 'cause it's been two years, but if you're stupid, you just get rebanned instantly and never unbanned.
T1 Talks (245)|How many years have you played League? Hope you quit this shit too, T. Have a good one. Alright, sloss.
T1 Talks (247)|That doesn't work. Yeah I know bro. Krug was like tripping out Hahaha.
T1 Talks (248)|How many times have you've played this matchup? Infinite. I, I so fucking many, so many.
T1 Talks (249)|It's not that bad. I have, I actually had more gold than him. It's about even actually, he got boots. I got long sword, boots, double long sword, boots. Not bad at all.
T1 Talks (25)|Looks like we're fighting level one botlane. I'm not gonna pan my camera down there in fear. Yeah. Okay. Let's just go next. Um.
T1 Talks (250)|Try Sky first item. I have. Yeah, I think I, I actually like building Sky. I kind of need to try it second, to be honest.
T1 Talks (251)|That was really close. I think if he would've R'd that'd been very close. I was almost not able to run into my turret. The only reason he didn't there was because I can just run back into my turret, but that was close.
T1 Talks (252)|I wouldn't need ult? I think he was scared I was gonna buffer it with my R. I think I was going to, I was locked in.
T1 Talks (253)|Is Urgot banned? Yeah. Somebody on my team banned Urgot, and this guy's a streamer. I wonder if he got out of a game or somebody's just ghosting. Oh, well, not my problem. Also, I'm not paying taxes. It's theft.
T1 Talks (254)|Uh, that actually played that really well. That Rell actually played it really well. Those minions, I should have Q'd it once. I, my team kind of disappeared though. They all went top lane for something and didn't get anything.
T1 Talks (255)|Choose three, which is better? Five Guys, Shake Shack, In N' Out, Steak Shack, Whataburger burger. Okay, if I- Shake Shack for sure is the best out of all of those, I don't think I've ever had In N' Out. Whataburger's trash. Steak Shack or whatever the fuck steak, whatever the fuck that is. I dunno what that is. Five Guys is not better than Shake Shack.
T1 Talks (256)|I mean, I feel like we kind of trolled our builds a little bit, so I don't think we have a lead, like we have a 20 minute Rod on the Kasso, this Yasuo build.
T1 Talks (257)|Five Guys. I don't think Five Guys is that good? And then Whataburger's terrible. Whataburger's terrible. And I never had In N' Out. So by default I'm just gonna go In N' Out.
T1 Talks (258)|I'm even, wait, my MMR is actually so good. I'm even on the day, but I'm up 16 LP.
T1 Talks (259)|Tyler, I just had the worst day at the gym. I saw someone watching Twitch and I asked if he knew Tyler1. He didn't, and I just gasped and started crying. Bro, he was memeing to you by the way. He was baiting you to hurt your feelings. He, he didn't. He wasn't serious. Everybody's heard of me.
T1 Talks (26)|Are you attacking minions that exact passive so that I got my level three so I could kill up with my typical slim-
T1 Talks (260)|Yeah, T-Pain knows me, bro. I'm GOATed. NFL players know me, bro. I'm GOATed. I'm him.
T1 Talks (261)|Bro who watched the NBA Celebrity Basketball game? Anybody watch that? I'll be there next year. They, they invited me this year and I said no.
T1 Talks (262)|Mega Parsons went crazy, bro. It was too cringe to watch if he tried that hard in, in the, in the playoff game. I swear to God, we win.
T1 Talks (263)|I'm a hooper bro. I had a basketball stream and I cooked. My shot's fluid.
T1 Talks (264)|Ugh, fucking Talon mid. It's gonna be the same fucking dipshit, and he's gonna underperform again. GG. I actually have to go Karma.
T1 Talks (265)|Now Illaoi can't do anything in this matchup, but it kind of makes our draft dogshit unfortunately.
T1 Talks (266)|Oh, I think it is a nutty AP Varus. Well, I don't know. People don't really play Varus top anymore. I think it is a, if this is like dola, like Dopa's Varus top is disgusting, but if people don't play it anymore, I think it got nerfed.
T1 Talks (267)|Every single time by the way. It is, every time I think that it's trade, I'm gonna be honest. The answer lies. That is every single time I get a Talon mid, it is dodge on sight and there's like no, uh, no blind spot to it. They just always do it.
T1 Talks (268)|Oh, I feel like we should just gank top there. He's for sure dead. He can't even, he can't move. He has no, he has no summs. Like he's a, a guaranteed kill. We lost both. We lost dragon and both of that.
T1 Talks (269)|I, I, I think these Talon players are like, they're always barcoded. I think there's win trading. I'm not gonna lie. Like that guy could have obviously jumped over the wall.
T1 Talks (27)|Oh, you're stressing there. Zac passive's early is pretty strong, but I seen that the heat turn also hit him once. Does that stop?
T1 Talks (270)|Account has to be banned for scripting, bro. I'm not doing anything. Basic. Like it's, I, it's dodging for me.
T1 Talks (271)|So close to my R, W being up. Okay, so how the fuck, by the way, did my botlane die mid?
T1 Talks (272)|My jungle's so dog shit. Holy fuck. Yeah, we got Zilean bombed from the Nillah. That's actually so cancer. But if PantsAreDragon wasn't just disgustingly dog shit, nobody dies there. Why is he, why is he even melee range on the fucking Galio in the first place? How are you that bad at the game?
T1 Talks (273)|Yeah, it's unfortunate. I mean, my botlane's gapped as fuck, but if my jungle wasn't fucking retarded this was a free win.
T1 Talks (274)|Yeah, I'm pretty sure their jungler's been playing. My jungler's been playing for like 27 hours straight. Uh, he's down to 300 LP. I don't know why he keeps playing, but this game is uh, bot gap.
T1 Talks (275)|I mean, so that the dragon's free, like yes, Nillah-Zilean combo was disgusting, but there's no world where that, where, where they ever get that off. You shouldn't be baited into them. My Evelynn shouldn't be melee range for no reason. It doesn't make sense. Really talentless, I dunno why we're not FFing either.
T1 Talks (276)|Why are these guys arguing about Summoner Spell usage botlane? My, my Soraka wanted this Ezreal to go Exhaust. Yeah. I mean, and this, uh, I mean, she has Cleanse. It doesn't matter.
T1 Talks (277)|I mean, that's probably lost anyway, but I didn't even see what happened botlane. I mean, their AD carry's 20 kills, but four of those kills were from that dragon. I gotta watch that VOD.
T1 Talks (278)|Yeah, I mean, we actually got wombo-combo'd for the loss, but like, I mean, we shouldn't be here on Evelynn. We don't play like this. Like we're not missing this charm into this taunt and that us, him, her E-ing onto him, like she's not even in range for this play, by the way. So if, and then Ez E's forward, where is the, what is this guy doing, bro? This is such sorry gameplay. Holy fuck.
T1 Talks (279)|Like gold is crazy good here for us. We got our second dragon, bounties, Nillah's only three kills with bounty. She has no Flash. If we're just not doing this stupid fucking dogshit zero IQ play to, to let her into the fight for free. Again, Zilean has no R either. This is so good for us.
T1 Talks (28)|And their team comp's kind of hard to build for. Wait, the Zac's at 29 C- I didn't realize he was playing so bad. Yeah, team, their team comp's really hard to build for, 'cause you have to build MR, but they have Draven
T1 Talks (280)|It's actually a dead even game. Wait, I don't think I've ever seen that until that play. It literally says even at 19 minutes.
T1 Talks (281)|What happened botane? I don't know, but they stopped laning and it doesn't matter because, but everybody was like, the game was dead even, everybody was fed. Their AD carry only had three kills. We literally lost the game off this fight.
T1 Talks (282)|What are you playing on, bro? Hahaha dude, this guy's on some dogshit internet. What was that? Oh wait. Look at his signal. Look at his signal. He has high lag. Poor guy. Probably, probably at like an airport.
T1 Talks (283)|Play on NA today. Okay. What is this garbage, by the way?
T1 Talks (284)|How much money for you to come and perform one of your songs to a festival in Romania? I'll do it for free, bro. Which one of my songs do you want?
T1 Talks (285)|I misclicked. Fuck. That is a terrible misclick. Oh my God. Oh my God, bro.
T1 Talks (286)|Damn. I was actually won if I had more time. Oh, little trash though from a missed click. Fuck my life.
T1 Talks (287)|Got midlane. I can go Illaoi mid, but let's see. Gonna play Annie. She's got high win rate. Does she?
T1 Talks (288)|I mean, she's at 51 plus diamond. Ah, nevermind. 50 percent diamond two plus.
T1 Talks (289)|Oops. Oops. God. I am fucking bleeding LP hahaha. Oh my God.
T1 Talks (29)|Guys, how do we not see? I'm the one that was spamming dodge and I'm performing as expected. How do you guys not dodge and not perform?
T1 Talks (290)|What am I doing? I could have pre-moved around easily and won that. I'm not serious. Holy shit. That was a free win.
T1 Talks (291)|Wiping a flag's a win. I was up so much material. What are you even saying, boy?
T1 Talks (292)|I can't type ghost. If a streamer ghost, you would ghost me. You would ghost me.
T1 Talks (293)|Not stat checking, outplaying you. Nah, that's stat check, bro. This guy has zero items and damage and he's one shotting Illaoi, two rotation on Illaoi. Actually wasted gold on Bramble as well. Okay, maybe we can win if I stop trolling.
T1 Talks (294)|This champion's so cringe though. Like it's not, it shouldn't be this bad obviously, but it's, this is so cringe. I don't know why they won't fix this fucking ult. It's so cringe just to die like this on cooldown.
T1 Talks (295)|Buy Chains? I am now, but I kind of wasted gold on Tear and a Long Sword, so I'm not gonna get it forever. I think we're outscaled in every lane, actually Kassadin scales, but other than that, we're outscaled in every single lane.
T1 Talks (296)|Done not all Masters lobby as well. My entire team's ma- low Masters players. It actually fucked up. I also waited 20 minutes for this game, so it was up to me to actually 1v9.
T1 Talks (297)|You're doing so much damage, bro. He's triple armor item. Maybe if I'm 0/0/0 this game, which is what the only other outcome would be, we win. If I'm 0/0/0 do we win? If this game is based off midlane, no, we fucking don't. Based off botlane, maybe.
T1 Talks (298)|You know what you wanna check Chains? Chains reduced 2.2k by the way. Ayayay bro. FF it please.
T1 Talks (299)|I mean, my first death was grief. I obviously die there. I had no mana. I just reset and TP back. It was really stupid, but whatever bro.
T1 Talks (3)|Well well well we is our do be back at it, but yet hugging on this beautiful Saturday afternoon. Su!
T1 Talks (30)|Ignite. Well, I kind of expected to have just enough mana to not Ignite. Fortunately, that was not the case.
T1 Talks (300)|Yeah, the only way this game was winnable if maybe like at this point was if Jinx built like LDR and 1v9'd, stacked lethal on Udyr 1v9, but we're not even building LDR we're-it's completely fucked.
T1 Talks (301)|I could have finished laning phase zero0zero. I think botlane would've won. I don't know what we do about mid-jungle though, so I don't know. I'm gonna say it was fucking doomed from champ select. I'm gonna say it was doomed. I got a full Master team. I don't think we were gonna win.
T1 Talks (302)|I think if I killed Udyr, like, and I was like five and O, we would've won, but I don't think this guy dies. I'm gonna be honest. I don't think I ever dies.
T1 Talks (303)|How that matchup kind of works is they have to, uh, Udyr has to play that matchup really terribly to die. And then if he doesn't wanna die, he's not gonna die. Hopefully we don't get another fucking 20 minute queue.
T1 Talks (304)|Bro I'm down a, like, I'm playing so ass, I'm down so much LP it's. I don't know. I'm gonna be honest, I think it's music gap for chess. I cannot focus.
T1 Talks (305)|All right. Same matchup. I'm gonna play it correctly this time, actually. Correctly. Yeah. I, I even went Conquerer. I'm actually putting in effort. Dude, the reason I don't like playing with Conquerer is because you don't do anything early. You just sit there and you wait.
T1 Talks (306)|Hunters for all ins. Yeah, but nobody's all inning. Nobody's gonna, all in Illaoi. Who, who's gonna like, oh, yo, come on, I'm gonna, I'm gonna run at her constantly.
T1 Talks (307)|Conquerer value. Yeah, that's the, that might be the first time I've ever experienced Conquerer value. I'm not gonna lie, ever.
T1 Talks (308)|Is the plate worth it? I mean, everybody knows whoever gets top, whoever gets turret first in lane wins the lane, so yes.
T1 Talks (309)|Are they letting Shivana stack again? Apparently this guy's the GOAT, but I mean, if my mid's getting bodied every game with no prior, every single game, then I can kind of see why. Uh.
T1 Talks (31)|I mean, there's no dragons at 12 minutes. We outscale. I'm not so sure.
T1 Talks (310)|You can't say that anymore, bro. Well, I just did and I'll do it again and I'll do it again and I'll keep doing it and I won't stop and nobody can stop me 'cause I love it. I love doing it.
T1 Talks (311)|Why is this game so low quality? 'Cause enemy team's running around, so like, yeah, I'm up three levels on Udyr, Udyr, but they're literally just, and my support's bad.
T1 Talks (312)|Like, how am I just getting melted? Is Jack, dude? Is Spirit Visage just that terrible of an item? I'd never built it, but is it really that bad? Like this? What is this qua- like, like this said, low game quality, bro. Hit the fucking dragon before you int and give them soul.
T1 Talks (313)|Oh, if he would've died, I could've TPed in. You can't end. You cannot end. You cannot end. You cannot end. You cannot end. You are not. He has Baron. You cannot end. What are you do- FF? Get me out. Nice try guys.
T1 Talks (315)|Like, dude, this Irelia is a fucking complete terrorist. Like the fact that she didn't go hit the soul in the first place and she thought for some reason she could end the game. Like, no way, bro. No way.
T1 Talks (316)|That was a terrible game and it was just because my jungle and my support were so bad, obviously, but my midlaner we, we could've carried me and mid if he had a fucking brain.
T1 Talks (318)|That throw was so quick. Was it quick? I'm not sure it was, I think that was like a, a slow bleed also, whe's TF getting nerfed by the way?
T1 Talks (319)|Oh, really? It was trash, both macro and mechanic. Like in that last team fight. If she didn't like leave the bush and had vision of TG, she actually kills him.
T1 Talks (32)|Well played guys. Don't dodge though. Terrorize the game. Don't dodge.
T1 Talks (320)|I mean, but that whole last, but them getting Baron right there was so bad. Lillia died, got one shot again. It was not real. This is not real, dude. Fuck my life.
T1 Talks (321)|Guys, I promise I do not give a shit. I'm on a three game losing streak. I couldn't care any less, I promise. I promise I couldn't.
T1 Talks (323)|Come back when I'm positive, if I'm ever positive. But imagine I lose the next game. This is going to be fucking Akshan top. Nevermind Jared. It's not gonna come back in the next game. We're not just don't come back. We're not winning forever.
T1 Talks (324)|This guy is still playing by the way, how much drugs is he on? By the way, how much Adderall is PantsAreDragon fucking inhaling to be playing for like 40 hours straight? He's literally been playing for two days straight.
T1 Talks (325)|This matchup used to be people say that, oh, it counters Illaoi, but Iceborn Gauntlet used to make it so favorable. I think it's still fine.
T1 Talks (326)|I mean, I have no idea what happened, how they died. Did they engage? Like what? Did Blitzcrank hook Smolder, or did Blitzcrank hook Alistar? That's a kill really?
T1 Talks (327)|Oh, we peaked up on fucking dragon. I thought they were on dragon. I didn't expect Evelynn to be top ever there. Fuck.
T1 Talks (328)|Fizz is a shit champ. Might be able to play that garbage. I think he is actually a bad champ, but I don't say that about many champs. I call almost every champ. No pee.
T1 Talks (329)|I don't have a shit to build this game either because Evelynn's fed as fuck. So I'm gonna get one shot no matter what. I wish I could have stacked armor like Frozen Heart.
T1 Talks (33)|hat does a humble man such as myself done to deserve those? Holy, we gotta get a brofist, dab to that A-squad, we love you baby.
T1 Talks (330)|Together. All together now. Did you hear Seraphine? Did you hear Seraphine? All together now. All together now. All together now. All together now. All together now.
T1 Talks (331)|Bro, you cannot sit there and tell me by the way, these games are not lower quality than the games I was playing yesterday. And I'm not gonna lie, it's because these are like 1000 LP players. They do not care. What is, what is a minus 18? If you're 1000 LP, it doesn't matter. Now if your GM 450 lp, what is 18 LP? Oh, that means you're not gonna get challenger. It's actually crazy.
T1 Talks (332)|Dude. Like what? Like dude, the game. See, it's just like last game. Bro just end the game. Jesus Christ. These games are so fucking ass. I'm just gonna build MRs. It's annoying.
T1 Talks (333)|Like, what are we turret diving for? Wait for the wave and it's ethe game, bro.
T1 Talks (334)|Look at that fatty 50 bro, and thank you for that. Uh, those kind words. Don't look up mod comments. Bro he's donated 50 dollars.
T1 Talks (335)|Oh, you're saying don't look at mod logs. Oh.
T1 Talks (336)|I mean, I think it's not a bad Olaf game. Actually let's go to this matchup. Let's build, uh, Chains.
T1 Talks (337)|Monk mode mental. This guy is GM now. Are they? He can get challenger just like easily by the way.
T1 Talks (338)|Curry won the three point contest. Wasn't he playing against like the female, the girl lady? Uh, NBA, the WNBA player?
T1 Talks (339)|Q max cuz it's Teemo? Yeah. I'll never hit E. Actually, I think I've pressed E only once, this game, uh, twice. But yeah, I'll never hit E on this guy. Never.
T1 Talks (34)|Crazy thing is I- we're so gapped, I literally couldn't touch this Draven, by the way, from the support. That's annoying.
T1 Talks (340)|That was odd vision, by the way. Also, why is my botlane even fighting?
T1 Talks (341)|Imagine I'm Challenger in League, I'm chess streamer of the year. Like what the fuck. Am I him?
T1 Talks (342)|What do you listen to off stream though? I listen to these playlists, these auto plays. I used to my, I played my gym playlist at the start of the stream. Not the full thing, but like I listen to a lot of Meek Mill, whole bunch of Meek Mill.
T1 Talks (343)|Okay that's a massive play, by the way, because they also killed botlane. Like yeah, I know that Katarina, it ran it down in my lane, but I, that's still massive. Got a double kill bot, plus dragon, plus Gallio TP, plus Yone Flash, plus the chess streamer of the year. Ah!
T1 Talks (344)|Ouch. No, we're playing real music today in celebration of hitting Challenger. Don't worry though, because on Monday it'll be back to the same old playlist, so.
T1 Talks (345)|Why though? I can't, I'm not, dude, I can't actually focus and play the game with this music. I got problems up to here and I got people in my ear.
T1 Talks (346)|Excuses? Why would I, why would I, what excuses do I have to play the same exact playlist that's broken by the way, it, only two hours of the playlist works for three years straight. What other excuse do I have? What do you mean excuse? Like, do you think the NCS guys are like holding me at gunpoint, forcing me to fucking play it?
T1 Talks (347)|I don't listen to anything. Bro, I don't know how you can like, focus on anything with music on. It's so hard. Like I've, I think the reason I've lost so many chess games today, I'm done like 200 rating is 'cause I'm playing like different music. It's so impossible to play.
T1 Talks (348)|I have a video of you deadlifting 585 pounds. I think we did it on a power weight. Not an impressive deadlift, bro. You're not gonna ask if I have a video of my bench press? That's much more impressive.
T1 Talks (349)|Uh, shit's gonna be so lame. He's gonna 1v9 in this game, actually. So I played against this cringe shit mid. That shit just went Olaf. I thought it was LeBlanc top because I played against Bobby. I thought maybe it's Bob.
T1 Talks (35)|I have no idea like, like I said, this game's disgusting to build 'cause these like three do so much damage. But I have got to build for Draven, Zed because they're both fed. Like it is what it is. It is what it is. I needed somebody on my team to like perform so their Draven wasn't three items at seven minutes.
T1 Talks (350)|Alright, we got 2v3'd, by the way. Come on guys. I am gonna not be able to participate in another game, can we uh, maybe I'll be able to play the next one.
T1 Talks (351)|Look, if I had any impact on this game, I think we'd win because I mean, they're pretty much even bot. They're pretty much even mid, both junglers are running it. It just, I, I'm not gonna be to do anything at any ever.
T1 Talks (352)|TF top's some loser shit. I mean, I think playing TF in general is some loser shit. I think that T, but I mean, it's like Riot buffed him for no reason to make him like this. Literally no reason.
T1 Talks (353)|He has zero mobility. I think we just don't let him sit under tower all game. That's actually facts. But the problem is he has Ghost, so it's not a one ganker, like you're not gonna be able to, you, you have to gank him multiple times.
T1 Talks (354)|If U knew we would FF this game, I'd be like a lot less tilted, I'm not gonna lie, because we're, we're gonna be in this game and the longer it goes, the more like dogshit I'm gonna feel. 'cause TF's gonna become useful 1v9 and I'm not gonna be able to do anything like, look, you just TP' mid. I can't do anything about that. Right. So it's just gonna feel like shit to play.
T1 Talks (355)|We gotta FF, please FF. No way you're gonna hit no, it's completely done. Come the fuck on.
T1 Talks (356)|Dude, come on bro. There's no win-con. Nobody's even playing well, by the way, who is playing well this game?
T1 Talks (357)|You're their only hope. No, I'm not. I'm completely fucking useless. There is no hope this game. No hope.
T1 Talks (358)|To you Senna, isn't it? You're the one voting no, dude, I don't know why we nerfed the i- the Iceborn slow, by the way. Why'd they do that? Like it should still be W'd on target. Like the game is so mobility now. There should be an item that can stop it.
T1 Talks (359)|K'Sante nerfs. Why? I mean, bro, it wasn't built that much to be fair.
T1 Talks (36)|That's all knockbacks. Jana knockback, Jan- I mean it. They're legitimately, every player on this team is so fucking gapped. Like a, actually, like they all got disgu- dumpster, but nobody wanted to dodge this game even though it was a guaranteed loss. So fucking disgusting, man.
T1 Talks (360)|He wants to type so bad. I just told him to FF like, I had no impact this game. I'm sorry you guys sucked. You did suck like, but I had no chance. I'm sorry.
T1 Talks (361)|I might, uh, I might drop my Bard ban and change it to Twisted Fate.
T1 Talks (362)|That's my first time playing against him. Top lane. Like usually I don't, I don't, uh, I don't ever lane against him. I play against him, but I don't lane against him. I don't know. The champ's completely broken. I can't believe it exists.
T1 Talks (363)|Why'd they change 'em in the first place? I'm not actually sure, bro. I swear to God. They just get bored. They just do the randomest stupidest shit. But the problem is, dude, but there's so much like actual shit they can do.
T1 Talks (364)|They wanna not make 'em an AD. Why? Why? They're- because they're bored, bro.
T1 Talks (365)|Like who was like, who ever playing this game was like, you know what? I wish Twisted Fate was an attack damage carry.
T1 Talks (366)|But like, bro, there's like, I get it if like the game's in a perfect state, but there's infinite amount of things they could fix. Like you don't need to do that.
T1 Talks (367)|Whatever. I won't play against him again. He's my new permaban. Goodbye Bard. I like to play against Bard all the time now. Watch. Well Bard's beginning double banned a lot to be fair.
T1 Talks (368)|Funny how they removed AD LeBlanc and instantly went, ah, AD TF. Wait. You're fucking right. See, but now TF's like double banned, bro. Can we just have more bans or like have unique bands please.
T1 Talks (369)|If they make bans like pro play, I don't think they can do that. Uh, it, so queue times are already long enough, but that, that'd be so many dodges. I don't think they can.
T1 Talks (37)|Yeah, like I said, there's nothing to build, like I'm taking more magic damage than armor, but I, I can't build, I do, I build MR here.
T1 Talks (370)|These are terrible. Apparently they're like Pizza Hut's Oreo bites. They're fucking horrible. Never buy 'em.
T1 Talks (371)|I only like one pi- so I don't, I, I only like, I can't remember the local pizza place I go to, but it's delicious. It's my number one and number two is Tombstone Frozen Pizza, everything else terrible.
T1 Talks (372)|Okay the E was bad. Yeah, but I mean, no, it actually wasn't. He stopped moving. The W, auto minion was, was the real bad part.
T1 Talks (373)|No, I mean there's no dive there. I'm pretty sure Smolder had all summs as well. There was no play there ever.
T1 Talks (374)|I can't get too close 'cause he's gonna try the Skarner classic, which is a revolutionary play where you just hold somebody under tower.
T1 Talks (375)|That's a real kill angle? Dude, what the fuck? From here?
T1 Talks (376)|Oh my fucking God. You're not serious with that, bro. I even have tenacity ruu.
T1 Talks (377)|It's affected by its tenacity. I'm talking about the, I got stunned twice. That's the problem. His ult wasn't the problem. I got stunned two separate times.
T1 Talks (378)|I can't believe me standing right here kills. I can't believe I'm in tur- he had pull me that far.
T1 Talks (379)|He's tight, so it's gonna do 4v5, uh, zoom at any of us, ult, we're dead.
T1 Talks (38)|Twitch rules. Enemy team with no abil-, nah, they're gapped. I, they're just, it's not even like champion issue, it's just player issue. I think if you put better players on every champion on this team, they win. Except for top obviously because I'm the best, but yeah.
T1 Talks (380)|Clean rock should spear of save this game. Nah, I think if I just didn't die, but I could not believe that that was a kill angle. I couldn't believe it. Bro, I got pulled from here, right here, all the way under from here to here, then stunned twice.
T1 Talks (381)|I mean, Merc Treads are gonna feel so bad 'cause he does mixed damage. Hard AD, hard AD, hard AD. So I don't think I can go Merc. I have tenacity runes. If I go Sterak', I have tenacity, but I think it's just over.
T1 Talks (382)|I think I'm gonna queue jungle, I'm not gonna lie. These uh, top games are pretty cancer uh, they have me play against Teemo, Twisted Fate, Skarner, which Skarner shouldn't be too bad, but it's just cheesy garbage.
T1 Talks (383)|Need delay. I mean, we, we played jungle twice a day, won both games. I got ghosted in one of 'em, but I don't really care.
T1 Talks (384)|No, not dying's, not enough. You gotta get kills. But it's, that's not possible. You guys are building full tank. It's not, you make them be down a lot of CS, but like this game, I, if my, what happened happened, I was gonna have to get kills. This guy had to die. You're pretty much relying on your team not to throw and that's never gonna happen.
T1 Talks (385)|The game burst TF was whittle as fuck. You're a retard. Oh wait, do you mean the first TF? If you mean the first TF, you're right. Sorry, I take that back.
T1 Talks (386)|You lose a 16 kill Illaoi game? Go watch the VOD bro. Cha- Challenger games are infinitely worse.
T1 Talks (387)|Another fucking Rell. This champ is so unbeatable. I don't know what it is, and I don't know where Rell came from, but this champ just doesn't lose games.
T1 Talks (388)|Well played, bro. I have never had that happen to me before in my life, where a jungler is randomly, or where the enemy toplaner is. andomly at my first camp on Ivern.
T1 Talks (389)|What is this guy doing? What are these guys doing, bro? He's trying to take my camps!
T1 Talks (39)|I feel like that usually happens if I'm, if I'm like spamming AFK dodge in champ select, most of the time my team's just 99 percent of the time is my team's turning it down, which is the crazy part. Like, bro, if you're not gonna dodge and you're gonna grief, what the fuck is the purpose?
T1 Talks (390)|I think they are ghosting because that's the only way that you'd be dumb enough to try doing this. 'Cause you're never gonna steal Ivern's camp like that ever. Never. So why would you even try.
T1 Talks (391)|Alright maybe playing jungle on streams actually broken because people like are ghosting so that they're gonna like try plays that could never possibly work.
T1 Talks (392)|The song's a heel bouncer don't lie. All I'm gonna say it's Macklemore, my GOAT. Greatest artist of our generation.
T1 Talks (393)|He beat the allegations. I didn't say anything bro. I just said his, this guy's username.
T1 Talks (394)|Oh motherfucker! Come here, bitch! B
T1 Talks (395)|I mean, true. My jungles goated. Alex thanks for that 10 bucks, but uh, these guys for sure ghosted. These guys for sure ghosted level one, and that's why they lost.
T1 Talks (396)|Damn? He hit that. I've, I'm sturdy, bro. I'm, I'm valid. I'm valid.
T1 Talks (397)|How do you feel your chat is so fucking shit? I mean, there's worse chats, bro. Im dude, some of these chats, by the way, I go in of like Zoomers, bro. It's like, dude, you can't, it's like, dude, my chat's not bad.
T1 Talks (398)|Imagine what you would have to do to get popular today? Who knows, bro? It's a dumb shit.
T1 Talks (399)|If I removed all chat restrictions, you know how disgusting this chat would get? You literally couldn't even read it by the way.
T1 Talks (4)|Sup sup we back! What up? We feeling great baby! Had a great lift today! We did chest, bench. No pain, felt good. I did like working sets with 275, which is extremely light for a 450 benching freak like Tonka Tea.
T1 Talks (40)|We'll watch this VOD though. I, I'm pretty sure it's just a complete skill issue. That was nasty work.
T1 Talks (400)|Would be better as your chat logs? No, I'm just like, it'd be like paragraphs and fucking, uh, images. It's like it'd be dumb, bro.
T1 Talks (401)|Not a bad comp. Who, how do we play this game? How does botlane stay alive? Do they dodge every single Leona engage?
T1 Talks (402)|FF, bro. Uh oh. Oh shit. He trolled.
T1 Talks (403)|I ain't joking. Do it sound like I'm kidding. Can somebody fucking dodge the game? We're not winning against Camille Kalista because you're gonna draft some do-
T1 Talks (404)|Are the free flashes had of wasted? I don't think we're winning this game, by the way, with free flashes. I don't think this is a free flash win kind of game. I think we have to get all kills. Are you getting that vibe that a free flash wins it? I am not, bro. I'm sorry. I'm not.
T1 Talks (405)|I mean, I don't know what we're gonna do 'cause they're all gonna stack armor and they're all just gonna run at us.
T1 Talks (406)|You do shrugs? I do a shit ton of shrugs, bro. What are they doing? Like you're overstaying now like, bro, what are you doing? What are we doing? What are we doing? What are we doing? What are we doing?
T1 Talks (407)|These guys have no talent by anybody on my team. It's crazy. They're so fucking stupid. This Urgot's an outclass as fuck. Probably lost. Also I have no idea what we're gonna do about Singed just running at us.
T1 Talks (408)|Yeah, this guy's fucking horrible. So he didn't wanna fight the Nautilus, so he laned, flashed over the wall and got 'em.
T1 Talks (409)|We have two dragons. I'm not sure it gets better though. Nice challenger games. I mean, this isn't a challenger game. I'm auto-filled in a, uh, low masters lobby, so it's unfortunately just matchmaking gap.
T1 Talks (41)|Oh guys, is this, how do you think the damage chart's gonna be? Wow. Why am I not surprised at all, by the way? Wow. And they were, we had two people voting No, by the way. Wow. That's incredible guys. Let's play it out boys. Guys don't dodge. Don't actually dodge the game, guys. Come on, let's go. Fucking cringe.
T1 Talks (410)|Birds. Ty one said, Irelia's as weak she is. This Yone made an ego play mid and it got, yeah, I really had the bounty.
T1 Talks (411)|Oh, this game is so low elo, but it's gotta be trolling. Just low elo bro.
T1 Talks (412)|Alright guys. Uh, can we hit yes please. I don't know why I'm in this 50 LP Master dogshit lobby by auto-fill jungle. I have no idea. But can we move it along please? Thank you. Um, I, I enjoyed it. I thank you Riot for the matchmaking. I appreciate this very much. Let me out.
T1 Talks (413)|I'm pretty sure this Aatrox is just trolling as well. Well, actually he's, he just got promoted from D1 to Master tier and he has a 47percent win rate on Aatrox, so I don't even think he's trolling.
T1 Talks (414)|I queued mid, uh, mid, excuse me, top mid. I got auto-filled jungle. It was a pretty fast queue as well, and then it put me in that game. I don't know why. It auto-filled me into that game, which if, if the players aren't terrible, that's a free win actually. But yeah, I have no idea why I'm playing in that, that one.
T1 Talks (415)|Yeah, I mean, I don't know. Uh, this guy just got promoted. He's 46 LP, it's like a full Masters game. Urgot just got promoted from Diamond. He has a high winrate, but from where? From like Platinum. And all his other matches were D1 MMR games. I have no idea why he, uh, I, why was I here?
T1 Talks (416)|I mean, and they played like it too. It was like dumb, like Urgot never moved. He has no idea what he's doing. He didn't move. Aatrox was just bad. Yone had an opportunity to carry, but he like trolled. It is what it is. That's annoying though.
T1 Talks (417)|Remember that Aatrox said kicked your ass as you said he was scripting. Weird how that works. Huh? Weird how that works.
T1 Talks (418)|Then you get him on the enemy team and he does that or you get him on my team and he does that. Weird how that works, bro. It is what it is.
T1 Talks (419)|Like we had a gold lead here that this, it was just do- like this play was just complete ass.
T1 Talks (42)|Let's guess who voted no my dogshit Ahri. Again though it's legit Korea. I dunno why that kid still even plays. He's terrible at the game. Uh, let's see how things went wrong. They get cheesed. Maybe they got cheesed in the bot bush.
T1 Talks (420)|My botlane dies a hundred times. Jesus Christ. No, Harrison. I played Illaoi mid before and I played against a Hwei mid. Literally can't play.
T1 Talks (421)|I mean, maybe my botlane has like something like tricks up their sleeve or something to somehow prevail in this matchup.
T1 Talks (422)|Turns out they had a, had no trick. Oh, maybe they did a- okay. That's not the worst actually.
T1 Talks (423)|I don't watch UFC. No. Why is there a poggers? Wait, it's 12:00 PM Are people still, is it still going on? Isn't that a little bit late? It's in Cali? Yeah, I know, but that's still a little bit late, right?
T1 Talks (424)|I have a closed link, Cali's like 3:00 AM. You guys are such a partiers poggers.
T1 Talks (425)|Think if I hit E, R, I live with one HP. It is very close. That is a very close fight, but I think if I hit that, I live, I'm not really sure. It's very close, regardless.
T1 Talks (426)|Pretty much it for me playing aggressive, though. He gets full, uh, full push now until I get QSS. I'm sorry. I'm trying my best.
T1 Talks (427)|I, we don't have a jungle. We don't have a midlaner. This is probably how we expected it to go.
T1 Talks (428)|I mean, it's almost like he's wintrading though, to be fair. Like these guys both haven't flashed a single time, right? To live. They're both inting.
T1 Talks (429)|Well, hopefully we FF15. I don't think they're going to, yeah. I mean, it's unfortunate that my, uh, this Camille gives Kha'Zix e reason to cope and be like, well, jungle.
T1 Talks (43)|Top lane fight again. Obviously it was terrorism. Obviously this Ahri is just horrible at the game.
T1 Talks (430)|Bro, I wanna type so bad. I cannot wait til 'm not cript anymore. That's your fault, bro. Yeah, my fault. I'm gonna check damage charts. I promise you this Kha'Zix is less than 3000 damage.
T1 Talks (431)|I can't even W in that. And we've didn't hit yes. Bro, who is hostaging us this game?
T1 Talks (432)|The fuck is wrong with these people, bro. That's cause they're depressed, bro. If they were depressed, I feel like they would wanna quit.
T1 Talks (433)|Guys, the only two players on the team playing well no longer wanna play with you griefing retards. Perhaps you let us out. Will he flash for this death winnable? We can win. There we go.
T1 Talks (434)|Are League bringing in player performance LP? Wait, is that, is that getting added? When did they say they're gonna add that with Vanguard?
T1 Talks (435)|Uh, I think it's my, to be honest, I think Kha'Zix is hitting Yes. I think it's Victor and my support.
T1 Talks (436)|The part is, bro, I'm perma playing terrible matchups and winning like, dude, there's no world where I'm solo killing Mordekaiser guys. And to be honest, my botlane was getting camped and won. My botlane was positive. My jungle and mid just did not play this fucking game. I have no idea why.
T1 Talks (437)|Like, I know Victor's useless, but like Dun does stuff on- on- on Victor, right? So it's just a skill issue.
T1 Talks (438)|The jungle ward didn't matter and this guy's coping. This guy said he didn't ward my jungle, bro. They killed Graves and you got his entire top side.
T1 Talks (439)|Watch this VOD. What's up, Navy Fox. Look at those 10,000 bits, bro. No message though. But hey, I like some good big old bitties.
T1 Talks (44)|Missing every ability. Not even throwing charm. Holding charm this long. Just to whiff it.
T1 Talks (440)|So I was actually, so he got that gold, so he was actually did that little damage. The crazy part is he farmed about 2000 of that at- at the very end of the game. Yeah. He literally wasn't playing. I have no idea why. My botlane actually 2v3'd and he had a winning top lane. The yes, midlane was dogshit, but we had win conditions.
T1 Talks (441)|Right. You see him invade and then you didn't ward. What? What the fuck, bro? You have a ward. Yo Kha'Zix. You have a ward brother. You didn't, you didn't drop your ward, man. Hello? You didn't ward!
T1 Talks (442)|What the fuck I, they're tr- they're griefing for sure. Right? Whatever. This guy didn't ward his own jungle, blamed his teammates for dying, whatever. They trade one for one. Yes, Graves gets killed but look at this. They trade one for two, right? One for two, and the Kha'Zix gets both his top side camps. So he is actually up. So what are we coping for?
T1 Talks (443)|Didn't ult. Didn't ult for whatever reason. It's a wintrade. It's a wintrade. He didn't ult, he didn't flash. He just died. Okay. It's a wind trade.
T1 Talks (444)|It didn't, well him not flashing whatever. You would ult for sure for the invis, right? One hundred percent you would ult. He didn't even bother ulting.
T1 Talks (445)|I've lost almost every Illaoi game today. We're getting really bad matchups, to be fair. We're getting like no favorable matchups. And the matchups we do get that are favorable, we just get fucking turbo inted.
T1 Talks (446)|The Graves is an account, shared account. Probably a trade. Yeah. Uh, I mean, it's too obvious. That was way too obvious.
T1 Talks (447)|Watch how you talk to me boy. Watch how you talk to me boy. Also, what was this guy doing? Diego, what are we doing? This is his last game. You got checkmated. What is he doing? Is he tilted?
T1 Talks (449)|How unbelievably fucking lame whatever. I'll get this guy's account banned if he actually trolls though, I'll actually report this guy. Gives you plays in that account a lot, so it's actually worth the report.
T1 Talks (45)|What is this Ahri gameplay, by the way? Okay. This guy is okay. He's this HP still walking forward. What do we, what do we walk? Oh, another miss. What are we walking forward for? Dies. Obviously it's right, obviously.
T1 Talks (450)|That champ is so bad. Best streamer of the year personally voted. Thank you, bro. Dude, the crazy thing is I only advertised that on one stream then I didn't talk about it again.
T1 Talks (451)|Oh, Vex dropped the, I'm so high line. Let's go. Let's go Vex. Let's go. I was waiting for something.
T1 Talks (453)|How do you play with and against the same champs nearly every game as this game? Not diverse at all. High ELO people play what's best, only.
T1 Talks (454)|Yo, what's up Octo Nails? 10 gifted subs, or excuse me, those 10,000 fat ass fucking bitties. This lobby's lost.
T1 Talks (455)|Uh, he said, I don't even care. I need a mod to check my screenshots. I just spoke facts and got banned from dis- your Discord. Take my money. I'll pay for speech.
T1 Talks (456)|Is anybody here a Discord Mod? Dude, I don't know anything about Discord. I don't get on Discord ever. I don't- you're, you got banned on Discord, so you donated to me 10,000 bits? Not even like chat.
T1 Talks (457)|You've been spamming chat, yo, I got screenshots, but I was just banned from your discord. I demand justice. I need someone to check my screenshots. I got banned from your Discord for spitting facts. Please help, bro. I have no idea how to unban on Discord. I am not going to lie. I don't even know how to go on it.
T1 Talks (458)|Mods, any mods? Luke, are you a mod on Discord? Yes. Can you un- okay. Octopus, octopus DM Cool hand Luke.
T1 Talks (459)|You did good though. Congrats. Make it 30. That's the hardest part. Enjoy the game now. It's- it's a lot of fun.
T1 Talks (46)|Lulu gets the kill. Hmm enemy mide kill for a support kill. Is that worth it guys?
T1 Talks (460)|So instead of doing- so, instead of hitting this free grubs, this guy dove mid and died. It's fucking incredible, and Bard died. That is just great guys.
T1 Talks (461)|Well, a couple hundred times. Couple hundred times. Trying. I'm still trying to goodbye. I'm still.
T1 Talks (462)|Taric really doesn't- that Taric really doesn't like you. Hey, all I'm gonna say is, hey, there might have been a little bit of racial motivation.
T1 Talks (463)|Isn't there like a dodging game mode of some sort in this game? Actually, wait, actually true. It could be used to like practice dodging skill shots and abilities.
T1 Talks (464)|URF? No, but like an ai, like a, almost like how like, uh, Valorant has that like training mode, but it just like shoots abilities out at you constantly.
T1 Talks (465)|Um, Morgana's useless. I'm not sure, bro. This Rylai's build seems kind of fucking annoying I'm not gonna lie. I built visage for the first time in a while. It felt terrible.
T1 Talks (466)|Uh, this is losing now. I'm not actually sure how they have objective bounties with a score 17 to se- I think- I think we're just losing off of, uh.
T1 Talks (467)|Oh wait, Caiyla's video started playing because- because I'm in my liked videos. Do these people know they're facing the chess streamer of the year? Lowkey bro I don't think they know.
T1 Talks (468)|Bitch named Crystal. I let her suck my pistol. You guys wouldn't understand the lyrical genius.
T1 Talks (469)|Right how it's crazy. I'm two net losses down on the day and I'm only down 8 LP. If I was even on the day, I would be up 32 LP just based off MMR and because I only lose 18 and I gained 23.
T1 Talks (47)|Let's imagine Jana and Draven just aren't here. What is Ahri going to do by the way? You have, and I literally zero- you have 45 mana, right? He flashes. There's no way he dies here. Even if Draven, Jana aren't here. Why are we flashing forward?
T1 Talks (470)|I inted my last game, though, I think this count- counts- actually I'm gonna drop from Challenger after one day, by the way. Yeah, I only have 19 minutes left. I'm pretty sure it's not challenge- 547's not Challenger anymore.
T1 Talks (471)|No, it's 564, so I need one win, but I won't. I only have 19 minutes until it promote.
T1 Talks (472)|I was challenger for one day. I'm washed! I'm washed!
T1 Talks (473)|It's not bad though. These games today were horrible, horrible games today, so I'm surprised we're only net two down and I'm dude having MMR like this is, bro. I'm only eight LP down in the day. I'm only eight lp. I think we peaked like 570? It is what it is, bro.
T1 Talks (474)|All right. That's it for us. Uh, Hahaha surprise it and tear his hamstring. Don't be disrespectful.
T1 Talks (475)|This Hextech emote is so goated Hahaha
T1 Talks (48)|Are, are we playing AD Ahri? Are you gonna crit, you gonna one shot him, right? Obviously he dies.
T1 Talks (49)|I mean, it wasn't just Ahri. Like I said, Ahri shouldn't have dodged that game. I mean, he's a one trick on his one trick, my b- it has to be bot or jungle. They weren't playing League.
T1 Talks (5)|Bro still felt good going through the movement, looking massive. Loved it, bro. I am a- dude. I never thought I would love the home gym. I kept saying that, oh, it's probably better when you go around and you're around people, which I still believe that's probably the case. But bro, I'm loving it. I'm loving it. It's amazing. It's awesome. I'm going to be an absolute behemoth.
T1 Talks (50)|Oh no. My Ghost, TP's on the wrong key. Oh, well, last time I had this, I won.
T1 Talks (51)|This is my, my midlaner is my jungle from last game. I think he got his role this game. Do you think he performs? I, again, am going to say no.
T1 Talks (52)|I don't think so. But your botlane should do really well. I think it's, it's iffy because if they misplay or they miss an engage, they get poked for all their HP.
T1 Talks (53)|XQC in the chat XQC. Go fuck yourself pussy. Fuck XQC and fuck the juicers.
T1 Talks (54)|You're poor. That's fine, bro. Make fun of me because I'm a streamer. I'm working the hardest job for the lowest pay and you're making fun of me for being broke.
T1 Talks (55)|Yeah. Um, by the way, like, like I said about the bot matchup, look at the CS gap. You gotta have a, uh, you gotta have hands with that matchup.
T1 Talks (56)|Are these real games, by the way? Like, I mean this, it can't be right?
T1 Talks (57)|Down six Grubs, down dragon, bot's down 50 CS, jungle's down 20 CS. What are these bro?
T1 Talks (58)|Crazy thing is fifteen's gonna come around and it's gonna be all no votes. gain.
T1 Talks (59)|I mean, should we look at the positives? Uh, Viego is only level eight. That's actually pretty low for having 11. Oh, I guess it's level nine, but probably like, okay, but your jungle is level seven. Um, whatever.
T1 Talks (6)|Give me 30 days, bro, and I swear to God, we're gonna be back to not even by the way, I'm sore ass shit. We're gonna be back to not even fitting on the screen. I'm talking like two webcams. I'm talking, we're gonna need three webcams to see the big man.
T1 Talks (60)|Thanks for the game guys. Appreciate it. Well, this is awesome. This is going great guys. This is woof. This is fun. This is really fun.
T1 Talks (61)|Great that like it's not like these games have been competitive either. I've had two legitimate 15 minute FFs. Last game was just hostage and it still ended that 20 minutes. What the fuck is this, by the way? Nasty ass players, bro. What the fuck?
T1 Talks (62)|Aye next game has to be better, right? Has to be.
T1 Talks (63)|Yeah, like, bro, gimme losses, whatever. I mean, at least make it look like my team is trying to play the game at some point. Please.
T1 Talks (64)|Thank you so much. Hellway for those 100 gifts brofist dabs to all the lads as well. Thank you. We love you man. We love you.
T1 Talks (65)|At least they FF'd I mean, just dodge like fucking FF bro. If you're gonna, if, if the game is that difficult for you to play, where you literally can't play from level minute, minute one in any lane, just dodge.
T1 Talks (66)|It's not even his OP.GG. It's fine, bro. It's fine. Whether it's his OPP.GG or not, he would've been auto-filled jungle, and uh, I played with one of those today already. It went pretty well.
T1 Talks (67)|Yeah, I kind of don't like these people permatyping every game when they suck so much fat cock, it's kinda annoying, right.
T1 Talks (68)|And my top laner's a bit of a terrorist, so I, I don't think it's worth ever going to his lane. He's going to die no matter what.
T1 Talks (69)|He killed him. He was dead anyway, because if I, if I wasn't there, he was dying regardless.
T1 Talks (7)|Anyway, went beautiful, was wonderful. We are back at it. Hey guys. Guess what happened yesterday. Guess what happened yesterday? Guess what happened yesterday? Guys? Guys, you ready for this? Guess what happened yesterday? Everybody ready? This, this is what we play for by the way. So what we play for? Guys, you ready? Guys are you ready? Hello? Is everybody ready? Are we all locked
T1 Talks (70)|It's not even the most cringe champion still, it's not even close. I, there's no disagreement here, bro.
T1 Talks (71)|This guy actually Smited my, uh, Smited daisy for 20 damage.
T1 Talks (72)|I was gonna Smite it. Holy shit. I should have summed Daisy. I didn't realize it was gonna be that fucking disgustingly slow.
T1 Talks (73)|Can't believe people say you don't do cardio. That's all you've done this game. Hell of a cardio session, bro. Hella. Tell you what I'm doing though. And not being lazy or egoing our lead, I'm hitting objectives. Isn't that crazy?
T1 Talks (75)|But I got three inhibs, team tried to end. Yeah, that's why I gotta hit Baron. I mean, to be fair, it's so cringe. These guys are not FFing the game. Like we, they are sweating to win this one.
T1 Talks (76)|But how lame are these games, by the way? It's been three, what should have been three 15 minute FFs in a row. Is there something wrong with matchmaking? Is thesomething wrong with matchmaking actually.
T1 Talks (77)|We never give up in NA. Surrenduring is for cowards in Korea.
T1 Talks (78)|How do you know if you lost from champ select? A lot of times it's like team comp issue, but you can tell the type of player people are by like the way they, they lock in. I swear to God. You can tell. I can tell there is non-confident lock ins and there's confident lock ins.
T1 Talks (79)|Elaborate. It just did. Like, if they, if they're like cycling champions, uh, if they lock in like at negative zero, like at like negative three seconds.
T1 Talks (8)|Anyway, what I was saying is, bro, the old icon promotion was so much, it felt so much better, like harder. Like, dude, not everything needs to be smooth. You know what I mean? Like yes. They made it look more like sleek and aesthetic, whatever, bro. The other one was like, actually, can I find that it's not gonna find the video.
T1 Talks (80)|They lock in too fast. It's also suss, it depends if, if it's a like a one trick champion, like Draven, Zed, Yasuo, maybe it's not so bad.
T1 Talks (81)|Great. Another Illaoi game. Yeah. Can't wait. I'm same as, hey, dude, I feel the same way. I'm excited to play this Illaoi game.
T1 Talks (82)|Why did this guy try and swap with me? Why is this guy trying to swap with me? By the way?
T1 Talks (83)|I lose to Senna a lot. I don't think Senna AD carry's the best, or I don't think Senna support's the best. I think Cena AD carryway better right now.
T1 Talks (84)|Cool. Dropping the playlist, it's just like a, it's a YouTube. This is a rough lobby. I'm not gonna lie.
T1 Talks (85)|This might be the best chat on Twitch. Nobody's spamming trash BetterTV emotes to feel special and talking smack to Big T. Goddamn right baby.
T1 Talks (86)|When DOTA challenge, I'm not doing the DOTA challenge. If they re if they remove turn rate, I'll do it.
T1 Talks (87)|You're bitching about turn rate because at the time you were a Draven one trick who obviously have to turn a lot.
T1 Talks (88)|What's turn rate? It's built-in lag. DOTA fanboys will cope and be like, it's so that ranged and melee champions can be on the same playing field. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
T1 Talks (89)|They banned Illaoi, I can go Urgot or Olaf or Karma. Nautilus cannot be a good pick into Rell with the Smolder. Alright, lock it in. Seems good if practiced a lot. Broken. That champ's broken.
T1 Talks (9)|Like that is better. Like that is better, bro. That is so much better.
T1 Talks (90)|ike, like that, right there is a, that is a GG from champ select. Do you see that lock in? That is a bad lock in. That was a zero confident lock in. That was a, oh, this game's fucked lock in. Needs dodge. That's what I'm talking about.
T1 Talks (91)|You guys should play for jungle this game and start, uh, and start W. Yeah. Kappa, oops wrong route XD. Xani face. Tr- Hahaha
T1 Talks (92)|'Ello, love. 'Ello, love.
T1 Talks (93)|Isn't the guy. Isn't this the guy that DC'd and still beat you? Bro, he finished that game like 1/2/1.
T1 Talks (94)|Well's first game, Evelyn. Yeah. He wanted a Karthus. This, this guy, I would imagine sniped it and check. I well know actually he plays Karthus
T1 Talks (95)|I think Urgot wins this 1v1 pre-six. I mean, Riven will never fight you, so it doesn't really matter.
T1 Talks (96)|I had to, uh, not go for that ward at that timestamp and just like ego and pushed the wave and then cheater recall so I don't die. We have Smolder though, actually, and they're fighting and stacking pretty well, so that's my bad, unfortunately.
T1 Talks (97)|I mean, if Karthus would've got that, I think it's good for me. Fortunately, he didn't so it's bad for me.
T1 Talks (98)|I swear to God, my Talon players are just always shit. But the only people that play Talon are one trick, so they shouldn't be.
T1 Talks (99)|And this guy's a Talon one trick against a jungle main. Like I don't think there's any world where he gets, so he's a challenger Talon one trick. I don't think there's any world he gets solo killed, right? I don't think there's any world. He's down 20 CS, right?
Tyler (140)|All right. That was a shameless time. When I don't give a shit, try to win the last game, clueless. It was competitive. It was close.
Tyler (141)|Are you playing chess? You are not a nerd, are you? Are you a nerd if you play chess? You know what's not being a nerd? Playing League of Legends. League of Legends is the most non nerdy game alive.
Tyler (142)|Imag- imagine how much he would rage in Silver ELO, bro, I've played through silver ELO on every single like 10 times on every single challenge on AD carry challenge, et cetera, et cetera. What are you talking about? Silver is not even raging. What's raging is Gold. Gold 1. Gold 1 is ELO hell.
Tyler (143)|Gold 1 is actually ELO hell, every single challenge, it takes me so many games to get out of it.
Tyler (144)|Wait, so wait. Does that mean Emerald's bad now? I, I guess, wait, that that's right. Like Gold, Silver, or what, I, I dunno.
Tyler (145)|Remember, ladies and gentlemen, if your kids are misbehaving, just give them drugs. It's not your fault as parents.
Tyler (146)|This guy needs to sit botlane. They need to stack, bro. Stay bot lit.
Tyler (147)|D3. D3. Demoted to D3. Bro, what is my team? Every like, it's worse than this because my support is literally not playing either. My support is literally not playing the game. I have to do it all by myself. It's not, dude, it's bullshit.
Tyler (148)|Why did I out-damage my jungler? Says Mordekaiser Hahah. He did this much.
Tyler (149)|Bro, this guy is trolling. He did not just type, why did I out-damage my juggler? And, and, and he did this much damage.
Tyler (150)|Nowadays, a lot of one tricks are like, uh, awareore so than usual, and they'll dodge.
Tyler (151)|You're a real player without Illaoi. Washed games retire at the top. Really? So if I drop 20 kills this game, will you guys still call me washed up?
Tyler (152)|Wait, they have the Mordekaiser from last game. We gotta win. Gotta win. I went, I I, I want to try Hail of Blades, I'm trying Hail of Blades.
Tyler (153)|You're gonna win the chess award? Am I, I kind of forgot to sell out for it. I kind of forgot to like shamelessly tell you guys to vote.
Tyler (154)|Uh-oh L nine donut maker's not gonna be mad about this. Uh oh bro.
Tyler (155)|Uh-oh, bro. Donut Baker. Whose fault is it this game?
Tyler (156)|Hi, little shit. You better carry this. Darius will carry. Wait what happened to Darius? Let him got a triple kill. He's died twice. Guess he doesn't let his dick suck.
Tyler (157)|Do you know if he will play on GM account today? No, but tomorrow it'll be Challenger and we'll play on it tomorrow.
Tyler (158)|Yeah, maybe I could have auto E in- insta auto. Maybe don't ult, auto E 'cause he'll panic on my auto. Then I'll cancel his E. Maybe you're right.
Tyler (159)|How do my teammates just, okay, so we're getting camped a lot by the way. Like Zac, Kha'Zix, Nocturne all came botlane, bro. How is my mid zero and five? How's my jungle 2/6/2?
Tyler (160)|AD gap. It's AD gap, AD gap. He's better. He's better than me. I'm a shit player. What can I do?
Tyler (161)|AD gap. What can I do? 80 gap. This guy didn't take a point of damage. What can I do?
Tyler (162)|I'm turn, I'm sure these damage charts are gonna be, uh, spectacular.
Tyler (163)|Bro, that's two games in a row. Bro, my teammates are not even, my top and jungle are not playing, by the way, every single game. And while I'm getting camped every game like I'm getting AFK game, what are we doing this, Darius started the game three and O, by the way.
Tyler (164)|Whatever. We'll be back at it tomorrow. Uh, good day overall. We broke the curse. We hit Challenger tier on this account. 60 percent win rate. Beast mode. It is what it is. We'll play on this one tomorrow.