1. Tyler1_THE_WORST_JUNGLER_EVER.wav|So he starts off level one just doing this. Like oh he’s gonna like bro he losing, doesn’t hit a single thing. Look at it like- what the fuck. Like bro okay whatever. Watch this top dive bro. I solo made Vayne one HP, right? Just wait out and fucking ghost, you twat. Okay whatever you’re auto-ing a ward sure it’s fine. Bro what are you d- just wait you fucking freak. Where’s he walking to by the way? What the fuck! It’s not a win-trade this guy played as our Jarvan too. He’s a one-trick like bro.
2. Tyler1 Superbowl HYPE.wav|First thing’s first let me talk about this. We headin’ to the super bowl baby. We’re super bowl-bound baby! I can’t wait! We worked all off-season for this moment bro. We’re peaking’ we are going to the super bowl. I can’t wait ‘til they take me on their like private jet with them. It’s gonna be crazy. We are going to the bowl bitches. Ah but no seriously, then we play the eagles next week on our turf? Ah baby! I can’t wait baby let’s go.
3. Tyler1HeartCondition1.wav|Guys okay listen let’s talk about something real quick. I swear to God like yeah my cardio wasn’t the best but bro I’m not like- I’m not cope- Like I’m not crazy. I have this sharp pain in my heart from time to time. Like actual sharp, like right when I like do a 30-second jog or whatever or when I sneeze or when I do bench. I feel it a lot. I’m not crazy like I’m not I swear to God actually. 
4. Tyler1HeartCondition2.wav|Guys I’m not- again, I’m not- I’m not like one of those people. I’m just saying. This actually started after I got my booster shot
5. Tyler1HeartCondition3.wav|to go to Korea. Because I- I had to get re-vaxxed, right? Ever s- I had to get er- a booster shot to go there. Bro my armpits, first of all, swelled like crazy like first of all. And then I have this sharp pain right here in my chest.
6. Tyler1HeartCondition4.wav|When I bench like I feel it. I went to the doctor for it several times and they’re like well it’s not your heart because if it was your heart, you wouldn’t grab it like this, you would go like this. I’m like bro, I- like, why are you acting like that like I know. I’m telling you what it is. So that’s the time I went to the doctor and I was like um oh he told me I need to lose weight.
7. Tyler1HeartCondition5.wav|Too big so okay I was like nice I’ve lost 25 pounds. Actually. And my heart, my- this thing right here still hurts like crazy uh so I don’t know bro. Anyway, long- so what I was saying was when I do uh cardio like when I like, for instance, I ran on Saturday in that flag football
8. Tyler1HeartCondition6.wav|Bro I ran the first play of the game. I scored like a 65-yard touchdown. I was done for the rest of the day. I just had like a dagger right here in my heart. Dagger. Eventually, I- I could catch my breath. Eventually.
9. Tyler1HeartCondition7.wav|Like that’s not just cardio that’s like- I don’t know bro. I’m not like an anti-whatever person! I’m just saying this 100% started after I got the- the booster shot. That’s it. Hundred percent. Never had- never experienced this before, never did anything else. It was after I had the boo- booster shot. For sure. I don’t know what the fuck it is. That- that was two years ago.
10. Tyler1HeartCondition8.wav|It was a bit- I’ve had this for about a year and a half actually. I don’t know. It’s not a coincidence. If it’s costochondritis, try taking ibuprofen. I stopped taking all that. Okay let me tell you another story. This is a little bit after Korea. I went to the emergency room because I had this vein right by my heart, right? That was like throbbing for like – I- I counted – like seven and a half hours. Seven and a half hours straight.
11. Tyler1HeartCondition9.wav|I was like okay I’m not gonna have a fucking heart attack. Caiyla we- we gotta go to the ER like actually. I’m gonna have an actual- so I went to the ER and they were like, they got like an EKG or whatever. It was like blah blah blah blah blah blah something something something all your numbers are good um your kidney levels came back a little bit low. I was like huh? Did you take any uh supplements?
12. Tyler1HeartCondition10.wav|I was like creatine like oh that’s it. So I haven’t taken creatine since that day. Why does my heart hurt man? Like- she was like well because you’re- it’s stressing your heart muscle. I was like dude a- dude our doc- do doctors know what they’re talking about by the way? There’s no way bro. How do I go to one doctor and he said it’s not a heart issue or it’s not whatever. How’s that help my problem?
13. Tyler1HeartCondition11.wav|He told me to lose weight. It was like it’s stress when I said it was stress. Bro all I’m saying is it has not gotten any better and it’s been a year and a half and I still feel it every day. W-welcome to your thirties! Health start right here, right there. I don’t- like whatever but something’s wrong with my shit right here. Somethings one hundred- I don’t know if it’s like a muscle.
14. Tyler1HeartCondition12.wav|I don’t know if it’s like a muscle or whatever but when I expand my like- even right now when I expand my chest, it hurts. When I sneeze, it’s a da- ah uh like I’m getting stabbed with something actually. When I sneeze, I’m getting stabbed in the- in the heart.
15. Tyler1HeartCondition13.wav|And then when I bench, right? Going down doesn’t hurt but going up hurts. I don’t know what the fuck it is bro. I may going down slow I dunno. Muscle strain- I would say maybe but bro I have not been lifting like that, like I was before, to try and get to heal and it’s not healing at all.
16. Tyler1HeartCondition14.wav|It’s not. I don’t think it’s- I don’t know. Maybe it’s like muscle inside the muscle I don’t know. Sternum? Fracture? Would it really not heal in like a year and a half? Great question for a doctor! No bro dude I can’t. Listen, it’s ha- doctor’s see too many people in a day actually. Have your bench here, I don’t bench every day.
17. Tyler1HeartCondition15.wav|I don’t bench like that, guys. I don’t bench like that nowadays guys. I don’t- I don’t do that. You guys have no idea. I don’t do that shit. I’m trying to get it better. I stopped even barbell benching I just do light dumbbell and very- very light like twenty-five, thirty, it doesn’t- I don’t know what- alright Satan. Bro I’ve lived in for fourteen years. I had no problem until Korea. 
18. Tyler1HeartCondition16.wav|Actually, the weird thing is, I used to get really bad chest pain like right here. I like used to straighten my chest right here and ever since I got this in the middle, this stopped hurting. I don’t know what’s going on bro. I have no idea. I have had no chest like- no chest strains right here anymore and it’s all right there. I have no idea. I don’t know. I have no idea. I don’t know what the fuck it is.
19. Tyler1 Discovered The Reason Behind His Head Dent.wav|I’m using this headset today so you’re gonna hear a little bit of gain. The gain’s a little bit louder and it’s more annoying but it is what it is bro. That I- I used that- the- the headset I’ve been using all my life for another month after stopping bro it’s actually squishing my head. Seriously. That is what the dent is from. Now this is the G432, and it’s so much comfier. But the mic quality’s a little bit worse but whatever bro. It is what it is. Deal with it. Anyway we back at it guys.
20. Tyler1 vs The Most Creative RACIST in The Chat.wav|You look like Lego piece two, fi- wait. That is racist! That is racist as fuck bro! Bro this guy typed in the chat ‘you look like Lego piece two-five-five-zero-C-zero-one’ and look what it is. Bro you are banned by the way. That is crazy. Creative, but that’s too much. That is crazy bro. Fuck is wrong with people?
