1. Tyler1_THE_WORST_JUNGLER_EVER.wav|So he starts off level one just doing this. Like oh he’s gonna like bro he losing, doesn’t hit a single thing. Look at it like- what the fuck. Like bro okay whatever. Watch this top dive bro. I solo made Vayne one HP, right? Just wait out and fucking ghost, you twat. Okay whatever you’re auto-ing a ward sure it’s fine. Bro what are you d- just wait you fucking freak. Where’s he walking to by the way? What the fuck! It’s not a win-trade this guy played as our Jarvan too. He’s a one-trick like bro.
2. Tyler1 Superbowl HYPE.wav|First thing’s first let me talk about this. We headin’ to the super bowl baby. We’re super bowl-bound baby! I can’t wait! We worked all off-season for this moment bro. We’re peaking’ we are going to the super bowl. I can’t wait ‘til they take me on their like private jet with them. It’s gonna be crazy. We are going to the bowl bitches. Ah but no seriously, then we play the eagles next week on our turf? Ah baby! I can’t wait baby let’s go.
3. Tyler1HeartCondition1.wav|Guys okay listen let’s talk about something real quick. I swear to God like yeah my cardio wasn’t the best but bro I’m not like- I’m not cope- Like I’m not crazy. I have this sharp pain in my heart from time to time. Like actual sharp, like right when I like do a 30-second jog or whatever or when I sneeze or when I do bench. I feel it a lot. I’m not crazy like I’m not I swear to God actually. 
4. Tyler1HeartCondition2.wav|Guys I’m not- again, I’m not- I’m not like one of those people. I’m just saying. This actually started after I got my booster shot
5. Tyler1HeartCondition3.wav|to go to Korea. Because I- I had to get re-vaxxed, right? Ever s- I had to get er- a booster shot to go there. Bro my armpits, first of all, swelled like crazy like first of all. And then I have this sharp pain right here in my chest.
6. Tyler1HeartCondition4.wav|When I bench like I feel it. I went to the doctor for it several times and they’re like well it’s not your heart because if it was your heart, you wouldn’t grab it like this, you would go like this. I’m like bro, I- like, why are you acting like that like I know. I’m telling you what it is. So that’s the time I went to the doctor and I was like um oh he told me I need to lose weight.
7. Tyler1HeartCondition5.wav|Too big so okay I was like nice I’ve lost 25 pounds. Actually. And my heart, my- this thing right here still hurts like crazy uh so I don’t know bro. Anyway, long- so what I was saying was when I do uh cardio like when I like, for instance, I ran on Saturday in that flag football
8. Tyler1HeartCondition6.wav|Bro I ran the first play of the game. I scored like a 65-yard touchdown. I was done for the rest of the day. I just had like a dagger right here in my heart. Dagger. Eventually, I- I could catch my breath. Eventually.
9. Tyler1HeartCondition7.wav|Like that’s not just cardio that’s like- I don’t know bro. I’m not like an anti-whatever person! I’m just saying this 100% started after I got the- the booster shot. That’s it. Hundred percent. Never had- never experienced this before, never did anything else. It was after I had the boo- booster shot. For sure. I don’t know what the fuck it is. That- that was two years ago.
10. Tyler1HeartCondition8.wav|It was a bit- I’ve had this for about a year and a half actually. I don’t know. It’s not a coincidence. If it’s costochondritis, try taking ibuprofen. I stopped taking all that. Okay let me tell you another story. This is a little bit after Korea. I went to the emergency room because I had this vein right by my heart, right? That was like throbbing for like – I- I counted – like seven and a half hours. Seven and a half hours straight.
11. Tyler1HeartCondition9.wav|I was like okay I’m not gonna have a fucking heart attack. Caiyla we- we gotta go to the ER like actually. I’m gonna have an actual- so I went to the ER and they were like, they got like an EKG or whatever. It was like blah blah blah blah blah blah something something something all your numbers are good um your kidney levels came back a little bit low. I was like huh? Did you take any uh supplements?
12. Tyler1HeartCondition10.wav|I was like creatine like oh that’s it. So I haven’t taken creatine since that day. Why does my heart hurt man? Like- she was like well because you’re- it’s stressing your heart muscle. I was like dude a- dude our doc- do doctors know what they’re talking about by the way? There’s no way bro. How do I go to one doctor and he said it’s not a heart issue or it’s not whatever. How’s that help my problem?
13. Tyler1HeartCondition11.wav|He told me to lose weight. It was like it’s stress when I said it was stress. Bro all I’m saying is it has not gotten any better and it’s been a year and a half and I still feel it every day. W-welcome to your thirties! Health start right here, right there. I don’t- like whatever but something’s wrong with my shit right here. Somethings one hundred- I don’t know if it’s like a muscle.
14. Tyler1HeartCondition12.wav|I don’t know if it’s like a muscle or whatever but when I expand my like- even right now when I expand my chest, it hurts. When I sneeze, it’s a da- ah uh like I’m getting stabbed with something actually. When I sneeze, I’m getting stabbed in the- in the heart.
15. Tyler1HeartCondition13.wav|And then when I bench, right? Going down doesn’t hurt but going up hurts. I don’t know what the fuck it is bro. I may going down slow I dunno. Muscle strain- I would say maybe but bro I have not been lifting like that, like I was before, to try and get to heal and it’s not healing at all.
16. Tyler1HeartCondition14.wav|It’s not. I don’t think it’s- I don’t know. Maybe it’s like muscle inside the muscle I don’t know. Sternum? Fracture? Would it really not heal in like a year and a half? Great question for a doctor! No bro dude I can’t. Listen, it’s ha- doctor’s see too many people in a day actually. Have your bench here, I don’t bench every day.
17. Tyler1HeartCondition15.wav|I don’t bench like that, guys. I don’t bench like that nowadays guys. I don’t- I don’t do that. You guys have no idea. I don’t do that shit. I’m trying to get it better. I stopped even barbell benching I just do light dumbbell and very- very light like twenty-five, thirty, it doesn’t- I don’t know what- alright Satan. Bro I’ve lived in for fourteen years. I had no problem until Korea. 
18. Tyler1HeartCondition16.wav|Actually, the weird thing is, I used to get really bad chest pain like right here. I like used to straighten my chest right here and ever since I got this in the middle, this stopped hurting. I don’t know what’s going on bro. I have no idea. I have had no chest like- no chest strains right here anymore and it’s all right there. I have no idea. I don’t know. I have no idea. I don’t know what the fuck it is.
19. Tyler1 Discovered The Reason Behind His Head Dent.wav|I’m using this headset today so you’re gonna hear a little bit of gain. The gain’s a little bit louder and it’s more annoying but it is what it is bro. That I- I used that- the- the headset I’ve been using all my life for another month after stopping bro it’s actually squishing my head. Seriously. That is what the dent is from. Now this is the G432, and it’s so much comfier. But the mic quality’s a little bit worse but whatever bro. It is what it is. Deal with it. Anyway we back at it guys.
20. Tyler1 vs The Most Creative RACIST in The Chat.wav|You look like Lego piece two, fi- wait. That is racist! That is racist as fuck bro! Bro this guy typed in the chat ‘you look like Lego piece two-five-five-zero-C-zero-one’ and look what it is. Bro you are banned by the way. That is crazy. Creative, but that’s too much. That is crazy bro. Fuck is21. RX Tyler1 - League Players Make Fun of Dadler1_01.wav|Guys. You're a father. [Laughter] Of course you can't. The Kennen says "yo you're the ugliest streamer I think on the platform please no type". Wait that's just so not true. Wait, no shot this guy is no-no way no hands Larry serious that- his girlfriend, boyfriend whatever would one hundred percent leave him for me one hundred percent. That is crazy thing to type. Plus i was  so out of pocket, the fuck. That guy responded so fast to that, he had to have that like, like  pre-thought. It took him six seconds to randomly type that. He- this guy had some stuff on his mind before I-I ev
21. RX Tyler1 - League Players Make Fun of Dadler1_01.wav|Guys. You're a father. [Laughter] Of course you can't. The Kennen says "yo you're the ugliest streamer I think on the platform please no type". Wait that's just so not true. Wait, no shot this guy is no-no way no hands Larry serious that- his girlfriend, boyfriend whatever would one hundred percent leave him for me one hundred percent. That is crazy thing to type. Plus i was  so out of pocket, the fuck. That guy responded so fast to that, he had to have that like, like  pre-thought. It took him six seconds to randomly type that. He- this guy had some stuff on his mind before I-I even typed, for sure.en typed, for sure.
22. RX Tyler1 on the HUGE League of Legends DRAMA_01.wav|Wait also speaking about League bro, I'm not going to lie apparently there's drama going on. Usually I don't notice it because it's never on Twitter but apparently there's a lot of Twitter drama going on. Bro, Why the first thing I don't do, there's drama. I've been saying for years I need like, there needs to be more drama. Last drama I can recall it's like uh Tarzaned and Dekar, if you guys remember that? Long time ago, oh my God so long ago. I don't know I- all I seen the drama was a little video, I don't care that much, I seen a little video on Twitter like fifty seconds long. Tarzaned saying he wanted to fist fight the dumbass Humzh which, by the way that guy has to be the stupidest League of Legends player I've ever played with, seriously that kid is stupid. All I seen was a clip of him saying he'll- he- he'll box him after he boxes Chase Shaco.  I was like wait, what bro. Then I was like bro remember when Tarzaned said he would beat any of my viewers' ass if they met in real life? Apparently he's boxing Chase Shaco and he's also- apparently Tarzaned just gone crazy! Then apparently he's going to box that Humzh guy. Let's go dude. Let's go Tarzaned. Let's go baby. Fuck it bro you've nothing left to lose, you already lost it all. Isn't Tarzaned skinny and short? No he's not skinny. Shorter than me, but I'm a giant.
23. RX Tyler1 on his Child_s Gender_01.wav|Are you disappointed with a girl? No because we're having another one right after anyway, right and we want a girl and a boy regardless. Plus I was actually, I mean Caiyla filmed our reaction video of our doing it but I was actually really excited because Caiyla, for months, was saying, "I can feel it's a boy, I can feel it's a boy." I was like, Caiyla! So she kept walking around like saying, "he's hungry, he wants this, he wants that." I was like, stop saying he, you don't know the gender yet, stop. Just call it it. She's like "no I know it's a he." I was like, you don't know that! So when we did our uh reveal like- our like- the- we got the results whatever and it was a girl, I literally was jumping up and cheering. Literally. Just because- bro I'm trolling. Uh because Caiyla was wrong, so by default I was happy. I guarantee the next one's going to be a boy. Yeah I know but then after that if that's also a girl then you can do uh whatever it's called, I forgot what it's called. Keep rolling until boy? No no no no no no not having five. I can't imagine five girl- ah! Bro imagine having like five girls- ah! Five Micaiylas- ah! Uh-uh fuck that! Absolutely not. The cycle will end with you. Exactly bro. I'm literally like Kratos dude, I swear to God. I will not let my children feel that rage. I will not let it consume them.
24. RX Tyler1 is WORRIED About His Child_01.wav|She's going to be a big of- a bit of a problem and then she also said she was the wildest baby she's ever seen, kept calling her a nut bro. Like this Baby's nuts, like this baby is going to be a problem bro. And dude, then I was thinking bro please do not be like your mother, please. No offense to Caiyla, love Caiyla to death, but please bro I cannot take two Caiylas running around the house. Seriously. Seriously please, please bro I can't do it- ah! That's all I've been thinking about, oh my God. Imagine Caiyla but two- ah! Ah!
25. RX Tyler1 Accepts His 6 Years Old Friend Invites 1.wav|I would hate to being well known on social media or games because I can't stand notifications. I would have to clean their- clear them out. Bro, you're talking about these 50 friend requests? Every single one of my accounts- I've never clicked these, by the way. Never. Should I just add these people for being the first 50 people- I- wait a minute- so, I haven't touched these since I made the account in season- when I got unbanned, you think these people still play? I kinda want to add them and see unless they get like re-priority but then- like- like this guy baseballjosh73. That's a normie ass name. This guy does not still play I'm adding him. Nope, no ranked games, nothing this season. Match history in twenty- oh I guess it was two months ago.
26. RX Tyler1 Accepts His 6 Years Old Friend Invites 2.wav|I guess it was two- I guess he played a little bit. He played four games this year. His last game was 2022. He'll never know he was added, bro. Unfriend. This guy's online, what the fuck? Should I message this guy? Yo what's up? Just added you cause you accepted one. Yeah but would he appeared at the bottom? This guy was on the bottom. Let me ask. If I say just now will you remove me? How do I remove this guy in uh in champ fucking- champ loading screen? How do I remove him? Is there a way to remove this guy? Piece of shit. Block on the wheel up here? I'm not-
27. RX Tyler1 Accepts His 6 Years Old Friend Invites 3.wav|Type slash unfriend? Yeah that's going to work. [Laughterr] Now look at him trying to be like wait a minute. If I beat you in a 1v1 you have to keep me added. Yes bro I think I'll 1v1 you. Are these people delusional? Scared? Are you scared? Not my time. Let's go back to adding people. Let's go back to adding these guys and seeing when the last time they played was. Again, this account was made in season six- or excuse me season- the day I got or the like weekend before I got unbanned and these requests have been filled. All right so this guy added me and has not played in like three years. On to the next. This guy plays flex.
28. RX Tyler1 Accepts His 6 Years Old Friend Invites 4.wav|Played one game two months ago. That was his only game in the last two years. Not looking too hot guys, not looking too hot. This guy hasn't played in three- since I was unbanned, probably. Riot what happened? Okay this guy played a little bit at the start of the year so it's been a year. Tyler, are people who added you years ago? Yes and we're seeing it that they still play. Thighlover even, thighlover quit. It's been a year since thighlover played. No dude I'm trying to find one that's online. They didn't quit they were banned. So you think sheleftme got banned? Now something else happened to him. What bro? Type it. You went to Happy Land? Oh I want to go. I want to go. I want to go. I love Happy Land! Dude these people, these people.
29. Tyler1 x Fortnite LEAKED.wav|You still play Fortnite? Not right now but spoiler alert, I got something coming up in a couple weeks that I'm going to have to actually practice Fortnite for. Seriously, we're going mainstream. He's got a skin. Yes I have a Fortnite skin coming. How did you guys know?
30. Tyler1 on Macaiyla_s Pregnancy Privileges.wav|Caiyla just got home. She was excited because today was the first day she like, the grocery store has a for pregnant or expecting, like a pregnancy parking, so she got to park up front and use it. I was telling her she was probably like so extra with it like pulling up her shirt to her stomach and like rubbing her stomach and, wait a minute does that mean if I'm driving her I could park there? And to be honest, if she's not even with me, can I park there? Because technically I'm expecting a child. No? Why not? You know how mentally like it's- it's- it's a mental thing for me like, I'm mentally expecting a child so why can't I? I'm mentally exhausted so I can't walk from the regular parking spot to the car or to- to the store- in the store. Is that true or false?
31. Tyler1 Finds REAL Monkey in Chat.wav|Guy said "so what you dodged? Who care when you play for- play it for fun not, to won to won. Don't be stupid piece of shit." Previous message was "so what you lose? Not care when you play for fun not to won to won. Don't be a piece of shit," right? And then his profile picture's this. D'you think that's a selfie? Do you think there's a monkey actually operating this account? "Let's go hornn, this guyed carrrying if have seen one. This Garven even stupidier- stupidier thatn I thinked EU could be honesly. Funny to me how you are one and sevan yet you sayed this is junkle fault? Are you stupid or choose to play idiot? Answer loltyler1. Your Jacks is tiring to carry you but you refute this is why you have been losted. You just have to get let the top laner have won this game for you." I think it's an actual monkey. Oh yeah it's a monkey. Ah yeah it's a monkey. There it is there is that "Ninja's live poggers" that- that monkey. Also dropped a KYS. Oh shit, oh shit. This monkey went rogue bro. Oh fuck, oh God, wait a minute. Woah wait a minute. That was sick five years ago hold on. All right what did you say man? Old Twitch holy. Yeah I mean that's a little bit more than old Twitch. That guy said the F-word, the K-word, couple TriHards then just yeah then at one point just told somebody to kill themselves so I yeah. The crazy part is that guy only had fifty messages. I mean he's gotten value out of every one of those messages I'd have to say.
32. Tyler1 Reveals His Daughter Name.wav|You have a name for your daughter yet? Yes, Helga. Helda Steinkamp. What? You guys think that's a bad name? Helga? No it's not Helga. Well true, if her name was actually Helga I feel like from birth she'd squat like five hundred pounds, deadlift four hundred, bench three hundred just by default.
33. Tyler1 Rap 1.wav|I just came on this Discord to do a little talking with my friends. They don't exist ha I'm all alone, what's to say? It sucks but hey all I do is shoot box. Now you prob'ly thinking who am I to spend (?) so not in this (?). My best friend all fucking night, even though she look like a dyke.
34. Tyler1 Rap 2.wav|You don't really mind it feels so goddamn good when I insert my dick and I get that fucking head. Lower the tread is what they called me. (?) My hair looks like (?). Don't go, that's what's funny. These are all muscles and I am all snuscles and okay that's it from me. Bye bye call me the emcee.
35. Tyler1 Rap 3.wav|I'm back, I've been blacked, I've been sacked, I've been lacked. See 'em. They say I'm black but that's wrong I'm not. I'd like to spit fire, call me by her. I'd buy lots of drugs and I'll buy lots of dough and the thing we call life and the thing we call the world. Ooh, burn, I like to swim, I like to sing but sometimes I forget what the wing.
36. Tyler1 Rap + Rant.wav|Like I'm crying, I'm flying high. Always high, so high. Got that weed smoke in my eye. Sometimes I just kinda wanna die but life is life. Damn I need a life. You really went out of your way to bring him back into the fucking chat room? Now it's fucking ruined.
37. Tyler1 Rant 1.wav|It's why I told- it's why I had fucking Conrad bring- cause Conrad's on here all the time. I said, Conrad bring people in who you know. Idiots. One hundred percent on purpose. You should see my days off. My Twitter DMs are death threats. Like [laughter] like- like people- fucking pronounce they have like a (?) to the name of shit sending me death threats.
38. Tyler1 about his Brother_s Daughter Emmy.wav|Ugh and then we've- we've had Emmy around today. That was yesterday, our family came over blah blah blah blah blah uh now I've had Emmy over today, dude I can't. She's three now. This child does not calm down like she's up from 8:00 a.m. to like 10:00 p.m. and then it's no resting ever. She's constantly du-du-du-du-du-du-du-du-du, right? Constantly. Like it's insane. So today- that was last- I could explain forever what she did yesterday. Just, she's not bad she's just energy. So anyway today she was just yelling, she was eating a cake pop, right? Taking a bite, putting it down, running around the house in circles yelling "cake pop! Cake pop! Cake pop! Cake pop!" For I kid you not ten minutes no rest. No rest. The stamina is going to be crazy on Emmy. She's gonna be an Olympic Athlete running her constantly.
39. Tyler1 about his Brother_s Daughter Emmy 2.wav|Then she brought out this roling chair okay and she's like "Uncle T push me!" Because that's our- our thing where I like, I put her on the wood floor and I'm telling you I- I get that chair going. I get that rolling chair going bro. Like I am woo! We are catching some speed in that chair, I'm not kidding. Problem is the hallway. We eat up the hallway a lot like it goes really fast before we get to the window so I like set on the brakes bro and that kills my legs I'm not going to lie. Anyway so I'm like all right Emmy let's go, and I like shake it like a roller coaster. I explode bam! Like I explode out of those blocks right like [laughter]. They're going to stop but bro I can only do it four times. Two down, two back and that's it and I felt kind of bad cause it lasted like 30 seconds and then, then she turned to Eric and was like Daddy your turn and Eric was like F that. Anyway, so I've had a event last couple days bro. Eventful.
40. Riot Please FIX THE GAME.wav|Remove ranked check dude. I don't understand why these aren't considered. Like all my queue time reduction problems are up to date, good changes. Like it is the- it is a culture shift in gaming. It would help. Nobody wants to wait. It's zoomer paradise. Everybody is like has to be given satisfaction now. Reduce the- the- take my suggestions bro, reduce the time and all the shit I say to reduce the time in. There's no downside. What is the downside? The downside is what? People don't have time for what? Yes they do. They have so much time to think and dodge. People only dodge if- people do not dodge autofill, not on my team at least. People only dodge if they're outdrafted. That is the only thing.
41. Tyler1 Almost Didn_t Made It To The Meet and Greet 1.wav|Yeah I had a fan meet and greet. So we left on Friday or so you guys thought I left on Friday. You guys thought I left on Friday, as did I bro, as did I. But it turns out that Caiyla, instead of having the tickets for like June, she had them for July so I walked up to the- the like terminal like, oh what's up guys uh boarding pass ain't working, what's going on there? What's happened? The guy, he was like, "um Tyler, come here." Yeah he- he called me Tyler without the one, how dare he address me like that. I almost had to do naughty things. Anyway he's like Tyler come here so I like- like leaned over, I was like yes? He like held up the phone and like pointed, I was like aaah shit!
42. Tyler1 Almost Didn_t Made It To The Meet and Greet 2.wav|I was like [laughter] brother, hey I gotta be somewhere. What can you help me with? Help a brother out please! He like cracked his hands, he was like "I'll see what I can do." I was like, my brother! Aye! I was like hey, my boy! And he got to work, right? We got to stay, he found me a flight same day, same specifications. You only know- you already know I don't fly poor, gotta be first class only, paid with an exposure, right? Anyway so he found it, he's like "oh it's okay Mr. Steinkamp, I uh found a flight for you; leaves in an hour." Nice bro! I was like saved! We're gonna make it! We're gonna make it to the fan meet baby! Let's go! Right? Then it starts going. I go and I wait at my terminal bro turns out as I'm walking there I hear on like one of the like TSA people or gate people's radio, "we have a code red we have a code red I repeat this is a code red um lightning within three miles over." I'm like [laughter].
43. Tyler1 Almost Didn_t Made It To The Meet and Greet 3.wav|[Laughter] good one bro, good one. So I get to the terminal bro the flight's delayed by an hour, okay whatever. I'm waiting for an hour, right? I had just got off of work bro, waited for an hour, waited two hours. Lady uh the agent at the front was like "it turns out the flight from Dallas has turned around and it is now going back to Dallas." I said lady what the fuck? I gotta be somewhere. Lady, millions are counting on me to be somewhere. What do you mean it turned around? "We'll update- we'll update you guys when we know more info um if you want to reschedule your flight please come to the front." Like a hundred people- I'm not waiting in a hundred person line. You know who I am? No offense, do you know who I am lady? Do you know who I am? You want me to wait in a hundred person line? You're kidding me, so I'm waiting whatever. I check my email it says "your flight has been delayed for like 7:30. Your flight's been delayed to 8:30. Your flight's been delayed to 9:30, to 10:30, to 1 a.m., to 2 a.m., to 5 a.m." Okay- I'm- at this point I'm like I'll wait like two hours. The agents went home, they left, they're all gone.
44. Tyler1 Almost Didn_t Made It To The Meet and Greet 4.wav|You couldn't have updated us? You said you would update us when the flight- if the flight was coming back or not. So do I- I gotta go back home now. I could have kept streaming out of all this time so I go back home. I have to wake up bright and early 5 a.m., same day, same day. On- this is Saturday. I got a flight on Saturday. This is just to see you pieces of shit. This is all for you guys by the way, right? Now I'm- 5 a.m I'm- I've just gotten to my hotel which, by the way DreamHack, we've got to do better. That was a woof! That hotel was. I get in there, the fire detector isn't going- it's just going off every like- almost like the battery is low beep. Right in my hotel room beep like- like please, I'm trying to get three hours of sleep please beep, beep. So then I- you're not supposed to touch it, right. I don't care. I didn't- I didn't grab a chair, I didn't need one. I just stood up, I just like took it off and I started messing with it and shit. I don't care bro beep, beep, I messed with it. Now though I actually press the button and now it's just going off like a fire detector beep, beep, beep, beep, beep. I had to call the front desk, oh my God. Like twenty minutes later, they send somebody, they finally fixes it okay. Now I got like two hours to sleep before I gotta do this meet and greet which whatever it's been like two hours, went there, blah blah blah.
45. Tyler1 on US Meet and Greet 1.wav|Yeah I had a fan meet and greet. Went stellar, went wonderful. Meet and greet was great that was our best IRL like IRL 1v1. Unfortunately DreamHack blew the stream set up so apologies for you guys that's- that's- they, bro, they blew the stream set up. It is what it is but if you went to the meet, the meetup, and you like paid for it. Honestly it's supposed to be for you anyway the- the fan meetup was so good actually at the arena. People were going crazy, it was hype, you guys didn't see any of it because it was just a webcam. They messed up, I'm sorry. My manager though was taking the- the webcam and like doing what the best he could and like trying to show you guys around but hey next time it'll be better. Also though Hover dude it's kind of crazy they start to get like rowdy and shot. Like for instance I would I- I told them okay hold on guys I'm also streaming I gotta talk to chat. Every time I said the word chat, they were just- just boo! Boo! Like bro if I mentioned the word chat, they would just start booing loudly. They hated you guys, I'm sorry, it is what it is. They-
46. Tyler1 on US Meet and Greet 2.wav|They hated you people. Bro, I have to get the chat and you guys though it's like a mutual thing and then (?) yeah (?) did good for saving it and then whatever bro so it wasn't like EU where we like randomized it. It wasn't like randomized I- I- I picked out of a bowl, bro. I had to like pick by myself which was a terrible idea so unfortunately I like0 I would subconsciously bias and I was like picking from the like left side the whole time with the right side starting like mouthing off and getting rowdy like what the fuck man, you're not picking us! Like what the fuck! Like I was like guys can you relax, like I'm just, dude I'm not trying to be bias- you don't gotta like start fist fighting the left side of the crowd I was like what is going on! Just- just the- yes they were getting aggressive. Golly man! It was good though bro because uh the crowd was into it, the stream, the production was really nice. We had a whole bunch of different things that I don't think stream picked up, it was a good time, unfortunately as I said the stream quality was pretty bad so what we need to do is it's learning. We're learning.
47. Tyler1 on US Meet and Greet 3.wav|I think the next one we have is going to be in Canada I believe. I'll get more info, but now we've mastered the crowd right and we've mastered the um stream because the stream in EU was really good. The stream quality was really good, so we got the stream quality the first time, we got the crowd from this one, now we all put it together, it's gonna go crazy bro, it's gonna go crazy. But we'll see. All you guys worked on it. Overall it was great though. I met a lot of you pieces of crud, yeah you guys are losers, it is what is though. You're terrible at League of Legends and you're terrible at everything but it is what it is. It was a good time bro. Hope you guys enjoyed it, hope if you went there you enjoyed it. There was a lot of people bro, actually a lot of people. Dude also, people- people were like "stop playing Illaoi" in the crowd and in the meet and greet so for instance, some guy in the meet and greet came up to me, was like "bro stop playing fucking Illaoi," right he said that. Then like the meet and greet line was like yeah! Yeah! Yeah stop! Dude like people were coming up to me after, it's okay T1 I love a Illaoi Arc.
48. Tyler1 on US Meet and Greet 4.wav|Please keep playing it, bro. I'm like hey, will do, bro. Like, goddamn A-squad getting- A-squad getting kind of rowdy nowadays. E- hey, EU crowd wasn't like that. I think it's an innate thing. I think it's just NA crowds, bro. Seriously, did not expect that. Booing chat, starting to riot cause I wasn't picking them, that GP 1v1. Bro that GP 1v1. Riot is fucking- there was some racial profiling going on. Seriously, that's all I'm saying. That guy crit me three top. Like, I swear to God, three to four times, just straight racial profiling. One hundred percent by the way. I've never seen anything like that. Shit was trash. Then the LeBlanc guy had to be ghosting from the big screen. He was ghosting for sure. And which one did I lose Zed? Ah, I trolled. The LeBlanc guy low-key cooked you. Holy shit bro, nice I definitely play LeBlanc, you know? (?) was better. EU or NA? I think EU or NA IRL went much better. Like, NA's IRL portion was much better. I think the stream was better on the EU because of just the camera quality, et cetera, et cetera. Or like the stream setup was much better. So, NA has the IRL, EU stream was better. But next time we'll get them all.
49. Tyler1 Shows His $21,000 Couch IRL 1.wav|Try not mess this up. 'Sup? 'Sup? What up we back at it, 'sup, 'sup? Uh this is our second ever- in case you guys missed it, we're doing a couch stream today. I don't know bro but I got a new couch. I got a new- the league whatever. I don't care like blah blah blah Worlds. Boom! My new couch came in! Do you hear me? I took out a loan! I sold an arm and a leg. I paid in all the exposure I could bro! And it arrived yesterday! And finally! We ordered it in June and it finally came! And I would like to present you guys with my brand new couch. Look at Nelson. You see Nelson loves it. Look at it. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom!  Look at it!
50. Tyler1 Shows His $21,000 Couch IRL 2.wav|Bro we could do a sleeping stream now. No joke bro! Look at this kid's so comfy and it's like perfect and it's casual! Look at this bro. What's up guys? Dude imagine this being my job like look how hard streaming is. I- people are like, Big T there's no way streaming's as- as hard as being a doctor or like a- a construction worker or like a lawyer or a judge or a police officer like that and I tell them where you're wrong bro, this is the hardest job on the planet I have to come here and physically sweat my ass off every day on the job to provide for billions, nay trillions of people. I mean it's pretty difficult bro it really is.
51. Tyler1 RAGE and TILT Reacting to 13.12 LoL Patch Notes.wav|Uh, I'm already mentally exhausted, bro. I don't want to look at it, bro. I'm so fatigued, so mentally fatigued, actually of all these stupid ass patches, just stop touching the game. Quite a few patches this patch- we have quite a few changes this patch, but two main goals: following up on midseason tuning and tackling a few champions that have been problematic. This is also the second to last patch of Split 1, so make sure you're getting those games in before your rank is locked in and pulled for rewards. Oh yes, guys, yes guys, make sure you're playing all- you're getting all those games in the split ends this patch quickly, guys. Everybody get all those games in- in a completely different game with completely new items where nobody knows how to play. Make sure you start playing now because hey, guys, rank's getting locked, by the way, and it's getting reset. Better play now. Like it's so stupid, and look how big this is. Look at- there's it. Look at this! It's so stupid. I don't care, man. It has to be- show the player retention count from patch to patch.
52. Tyler1 RAGE and TILT Reacting to 13.12 LoL Patch Notes 2.wav|There is no way this is healthy for League of Legends. You are killing the game. I am certain. Drop the numbers, please, man. Look at how big- look at all this shit. It's been this much shit every single patch since this stupid item rework V2. Bro, you completely changed the dynamic of the game. You changed what items need to be taken. You changed what champs need to be played. You changed what runes. It's so fucked goddamn, and it kills the game quality as well because nobody knows what to build, bro. So like fucking jack off and for fun and troll. It's so annoying. It's not ugh! I'm not gonna. Dude, it's like how long has it been, by the way? Has it been two months? Ridiculous. I'm not mentally ready. Ashe, I don't fucking care. Not reading. Gangplank, oh finally. What's getting changed about Gangplank? E recharge rate decreased. Eighteen seconds back to fourteen.
53. Tyler1 RAGE and TILT Reacting to 13.12 LoL Patch Notes 3.wav|Wow! Whoa! Isn't that what I literally said to do the day they gutted Gangplank? Somebody find the VOD. I literally said they have never done this to any champion ever. No champion has ever gotten that big of a nerf with zero compensation. I said it on the patch. Three months ago, by the way. It's been three months since they killed Gangplank. Get to the point. Bonus true damage level one he loses five. I mean, is that too big? Honestly, I think that's not even that- all players should now see the number of kegs available. Okay. Keg recharge rate. I mean, I feel like this feels looks like it's pretty big. I know you go Quickblades. Maybe they'll get up sooner, but a flat four-second nerf is- if you would- an abil- on an ability you max second, it seems huge. Four seconds is a lot with no compensation anywhere is a lot actually. You barely ever see them do this. Actually, I really can't recall them just doing this at all, right? It's all because you low ELO players couldn't play against it. Cringe. True, bro. See what I mean? I'm a fucking genius.
54. Tyler1 RAGE and TILT Reacting to 13.12 LoL Patch Notes 4.wav|Turns out I kind of know what the fuck I'm talking about. Spoiler alert. I'm not a dumbass. It looks like okay, yes, because I said no champion just gets a flat four seconds per level. Not point five, not one, added four seconds or at max rank, excuse me. So yes, okay, good. They are recharging. They are giving you your barrels back. He isn't the jolly pirate he once was, struggling to find success in the current game where he can't access Ability Haste as easily. Ability haste wasn't the problem. You could have just nerfed the passive and maybe did two seconds on the barrel recharge rate. Walking back the recharge timer nerf on his barrels with the goal of making him a little more powerful and enjoyable to play. We'll see about that. Gragas passive cooldown increased. Q mana cost decreased. But why is this? Why? Q mana cost? So this is like a compensation. Has had a high presence in Pro play recently. Does he? Low counterplay trades and his ability to use his passive to sustain himself in lane. It's just lane! Increasing the cooldown of his passive should help make Gragas more manageable to deal with. Four seconds on his passive but max rank his barrels cost less mana.
55. Tyler1 RAGE and TILT Reacting to 13.12 LoL Patch Notes 5.wav|Do they not play? Dude, do they not play? Mana is the whole issue with this character. Hover a flex pick. So it's like, yes, his health blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. It's his mana, man. But to be fair, nobody uses mana. No champion. I don't care. Ah they're idiots. They're clowns. Go back. Go back. K'Sante E cooldown increased. K'Sante is quite popular and powerful in skilled play. Due to this we'll be giving him a- blah, blah, blah. Yes K'Sante's broken. Fundamentally. So they hit one point five seconds on his cooldown. You see what I mean? Like, so he got his cooldown increased by one point five seconds. Gangplank was four max rank. That's crazy. Kai'Sa, I don't care, AD growth cool. Base AD of Kha'Zix minus three. AP damage on Kog'maw. Lucian passive damage increase, activation conditions. Don't care. Lulu base armor decreased, passive magic damage decreased, E shield value increased plus five, ten, fifteen, twenty. Okay, don't care. Milio! Okay, wait a minute. This is a big one.
56. Tyler1 RAGE and TILT Reacting to 13.12 LoL Patch Notes 6.wav|Because I've had to ban this character top lane for two- a month now. Yes. I'm only queuing Illaoi and I'm banning Milio. It doesn't really make sense. Let's see what they did to it. Sure they changed it. Base armor decreased. Armor growth decreased. Passive empowered attack damage decrease. What are these armor nerfs? What, dude? Is that really the problem, bro? You don't even touch the piece of shit. Milio players average like two deaths a game max and thirty assists, really. Really fire- number one support in Pro play so far and definitely one of the strongest champions in League of Legends hurr-pa-durr-pa-durr, finally we admit it. So there are numerous nerfs here. The hope is to land the lad in a balanced spot. So armor, that base stats nerf is gonna do fuck all. It's for trading early. It's not gonna do shit. Passive Fired Up okay, I don't really know what this is. What does this passive do? Is that where they, it's like, it's like a mini Ardent Censor proc, right? Pretty much. Burn damage, whatever. Like I said, I'll leave him unbanned for one game.
57. Tyler1 RAGE and TILT Reacting to 13.12 LoL Patch Notes 7.wav|I'm gonna insta-lock him and the enemy AD carry is gonna 1v9. I'm telling you right now. He's going to start permanabanning it again. Nasus passive life steal increased. R cooldown now decreases with rank. Yeah, I don't care, bro. Um, this champion should never be strong. I don't give a fuck. Go play against Nasus. At one point, I was calling him the most broken champion of the game and I stopped seeing him. Thankfully, for a good reason. Lower cooldown, more lifesteal. Like I said, it's Nasus but dude, this champion's disgusting. Wither is one of the most broken abilities in the game. Orianna R damage increase. Don't care. Rell, I'm not reading it. Rumble, Rumble's ELO inflated. Uh, it looks like he got reworked. I'm not reading it. I'm not reading that. Ryze, do not care. Sivir, attack damage growth decreased. W bounce damage increase. Okay, Yuumi woohoo. E bonus attack speed decreased. R heal per hit decreased. Double nerf. Yuumi is overperforming across all skill brackets, including Pro. Really, guys? I- wow! Who could have expected Yuumi to do that? Whoa!
58. Tyler1 RAGE and TILT Reacting to 13.12 LoL Patch Notes 8.wav|It's almost like she's fundamentally breaks the game like fucking Kayn and Neeko. Who would have fucking thought? Remember when- when Yuumi was weak for like a month and then she got re-patched instantly and was broken? Who would have thought? And she benefited from the 13.10 support. Oh, yes, it was the support- yes, brother. Yes, Riot. Yes. It was the support item changes that did it for sure. For sure. She's overperforming across the board with the goal to keep Yuumi playable for the rest of her non-Pro playerbase. Why? Nobody wants her in the game. Nobody likes this champion. Not a single person. We intend to continue to balance her away from Pro and Elite play and to work towards making her a champ suitable for newer players to the game, especially with friends. So why is this champ allowed in ranked then, man? If- if- if you're gonna go the, so she's suitable for newer players to the game, especially with friends, bro. Disable her and ranked in general or in pro play. How about that? Because I would argue rank shouldn't have duo queue anyway. That means you're not playing with friends regardless. Put her in normals, blind draft. How about that? Not reading this shit.
59. Tyler1 RAGE and TILT Reacting to 13.12 LoL Patch Notes 9.wav|Zeri! Oh, can I now stop telling my teammates to ban it? Okay, here we go. We must be increased passive removed. Two passive out of this place no longer acts anyway. Chain E critical strike multiplier increased. And we certainly start taking Triforce build. Okay, but I don't get okay. But so Zeri's been broken with like five different tiers, right? First it was tank, then it was just regular crit. Did they change W and it was like AP Zeri. Now it's- it was crit again. Now it's tank. So it's not guys. It wasn't the the full Trinity thing, but they say they removed more. So let's see. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. Ardent. I don't care. Galeforce. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I can't read it. I can't read it. Over to heal from twenty to thirty. Three hundred basic level to eleven maximum health. So it's better if you like on Cho'Gath. Wait. So if I have like if I have a 10,000 HP Cho'Gath game-
60. Tyler1 RAGE and TILT Reacting to 13.12 LoL Patch Notes 10.wav|And I have eleven percent and I have overheal and I have eleven percent of max health, how much bonus HP is that shield? Like a thousand? 1.1k? 1.1k shield if I can heal. Systems, dude. Like they're even changing like this, like mid lane and red buff, which by the way, I begged- by the way, I begged for a red buff nerf years ago. I don't know why it was never nerfed in the first place. It's disgustingly broken. HP regen, burns, slow, true- it's disgusting, finally, years ago. Okay so now mid lanes with the same amount of minions. Cool man. Late game damage output retaining it slow. The less health regen, flow amount reduced, less damage, overall nerf. Like I said, I've been begging for that. And honestly, it is. I don't know, bro. I'm so sick of this shit. It is dude. It's to the point where it's not even worth trying to like master the game or play and like learn shit because in two weeks, it's all gonna be changed. It's like the fifth straight patch they've done it. I do not understand what is going on over there. It has got to be bad for business what these guys are doing. It has got to be. Oh, whatever, bro.wrong with people?
