3. Tyler1HeartCondition1|Guys okay listen let's talk about something real quick. I swear to God like yeah my cardio wasn't the best but bro I'm not like- I'm not cope- Like I'm not crazy. I have this sharp pain in my heart from time to time. Like actual sharp, like right when I like do a 30-second jog or whatever or when I sneeze or when I do bench. I feel it a lot. I'm not crazy like I'm not I swear to God actually. 
5. Tyler1HeartCondition3|to go to Korea. Because I- I had to get re-vaxxed, right? Ever s- I had to get er- a booster shot to go there. Bro my armpits, first of all, swelled like crazy like first of all. And then I have this sharp pain right here in my chest.
6. Tyler1HeartCondition4|When I bench like I feel it. I went to the doctor for it several times and they're like well it's not your heart because if it was your heart, you wouldn't grab it like this, you would go like this. I'm like bro, I- like, why are you acting like that like I know. I'm telling you what it is. So that's the time I went to the doctor and I was like um oh he told me I need to lose weight.
7. Tyler1HeartCondition5|Too big so okay I was like nice I've lost 25 pounds. Actually. And my heart, my- this thing right here still hurts like crazy uh so I don't know bro. Anyway, long- so what I was saying was when I do uh cardio like when I like, for instance, I ran on Saturday in that flag football
8. Tyler1HeartCondition6|Bro I ran the first play of the game. I scored like a 65-yard touchdown. I was done for the rest of the day. I just had like a dagger right here in my heart. Dagger. Eventually, I- I could catch my breath. Eventually.
10. Tyler1HeartCondition8|It was a bit- I've had this for about a year and a half actually. I don't know. It's not a coincidence. If it's costochondritis, try taking ibuprofen. I stopped taking all that. Okay let me tell you another story. This is a little bit after Korea. I went to the emergency room because I had this vein right by my heart, right? That was like throbbing for like - I- I counted - like seven and a half hours. Seven and a half hours straight.
11. Tyler1HeartCondition9|I was like okay I'm not gonna have a fucking heart attack. Caiyla we- we gotta go to the ER like actually. I'm gonna have an actual- so I went to the ER and they were like, they got like an EKG or whatever. It was like blah blah blah blah blah blah something something something all your numbers are good um your kidney levels came back a little bit low. I was like huh? Did you take any uh supplements?
12. Tyler1HeartCondition10|I was like creatine like oh that's it. So I haven't taken creatine since that day. Why does my heart hurt man? Like- she was like well because you're- it's stressing your heart muscle. I was like dude a- dude our doc- do doctors know what they're talking about by the way? There's no way bro. How do I go to one doctor and he said it's not a heart issue or it's not whatever. How's that help my problem?
13. Tyler1HeartCondition11|He told me to lose weight. It was like it's stress when I said it was stress. Bro all I'm saying is it has not gotten any better and it's been a year and a half and I still feel it every day. W-welcome to your thirties! Health start right here, right there. I don't- like whatever but something's wrong with my shit right here. Somethings one hundred- I don't know if it's like a muscle.
14. Tyler1HeartCondition12|I don't know if it's like a muscle or whatever but when I expand my like- even right now when I expand my chest, it hurts. When I sneeze, it's a da- ah uh like I'm getting stabbed with something actually. When I sneeze, I'm getting stabbed in the- in the heart.
15. Tyler1HeartCondition13|And then when I bench, right? Going down doesn't hurt but going up hurts. I don't know what the fuck it is bro. I may going down slow I dunno. Muscle strain- I would say maybe but bro I have not been lifting like that, like I was before, to try and get to heal and it's not healing at all.
16. Tyler1HeartCondition14|It's not. I don't think it's- I don't know. Maybe it's like muscle inside the muscle I don't know. Sternum? Fracture? Would it really not heal in like a year and a half? Great question for a doctor! No bro dude I can't. Listen, it's ha- doctor's see too many people in a day actually. Have your bench here, I don't bench every day.
17. Tyler1HeartCondition15|I don't bench like that, guys. I don't bench like that nowadays guys. I don't- I don't do that. You guys have no idea. I don't do that shit. I'm trying to get it better. I stopped even barbell benching I just do light dumbbell and very- very light like twenty-five, thirty, it doesn't- I don't know what- alright Satan. Bro I've lived in for fourteen years. I had no problem until Korea. 
18. Tyler1HeartCondition16|Actually, the weird thing is, I used to get really bad chest pain like right here. I like used to straighten my chest right here and ever since I got this in the middle, this stopped hurting. I don't know what's going on bro. I have no idea. I have had no chest like- no chest strains right here anymore and it's all right there. I have no idea. I don't know. I have no idea. I don't know what the fuck it is.
21. RX Tyler1 - League Players Make Fun of Dadler1_01|Guys. You're a father. hahaha Of course you can't. The Kennen says "yo you're the ugliest streamer I think on the platform please no type". Wait that's just so not true. Wait, no shot this guy is no-no way no hands Larry serious that- his girlfriend, boyfriend whatever would one hundred percent leave him for me one hundred percent. That is crazy thing to type. Plus i was  so out of pocket, the fuck. That guy responded so fast to that, he had to have that like, like  pre-thought. It took him six seconds to randomly type that. He- this guy had some stuff on his mind before I-I even typed, for sure.
22. RX Tyler1 on the HUGE League of Legends DRAMA_01|Wait also speaking about League bro, I'm not going to lie apparently there's drama going on. Usually I don't notice it because it's never on Twitter but apparently there's a lot of Twitter drama going on. Bro, Why the first thing I don't do, there's drama. I've been saying for years I need like, there needs to be more drama. Last drama I can recall it's like uh Tarzaned and Dekar, if you guys remember that? Long time ago, oh my God so long ago. I don't know I- all I seen the drama was a little video, I don't care that much, I seen a little video on Twitter like fifty seconds long. Tarzaned saying he wanted to fist fight the dumbass Humzh which, by the way that guy has to be the stupidest League of Legends player I've ever played with, seriously that kid is stupid. All I seen was a clip of him saying he'll- he- he'll box him after he boxes Chase Shaco.  I was like wait, what bro. When I was like bro remember when Tarzaned said he would beat any of my viewers' ass if they met in real life? Apparently he's boxing Chase Shaco and he's also- apparently Tarzaned just gone crazy! Then apparently he's going to box that Humzh guy. Let's go dude. Let's go Tarzaned. Let's go baby. Fuck it bro you've nothing left to lose, you already lost it all. Isn't Tarzaned skinny and short? No he's not skinny. Shorter than me, but I'm a giant.
29. Tyler1 x Fortnite LEAKED|You still play Fortnite? Not right now but spoiler alert, I got something coming up in a couple weeks that I'm going to have to actually practice Fortnite for. Seriously, we're going mainstream. He's got a skin. Yes I have a Fortnite skin coming. How did you guys know?
30. Tyler1 on Macaiyla_s Pregnancy Privileges|Caiyla just got home. She was excited because today was the first day she like, the grocery store has a for pregnant or expecting, like a pregnancy parking, so she got to park up front and use it. I was telling her she was probably like so extra with it like pulling up her shirt to her stomach and like rubbing her stomach and, wait a minute does that mean if I'm driving her I could park there? And to be honest, if she's not even with me, can I park there? Because technically I'm expecting a child. No? Why not? You know how mentally like it's- it's- it's a mental thing for me like, I'm mentally expecting a child so why can't I? I'm mentally exhausted so I can't walk from the regular parking spot to the car or to- to the store- in the store. Is that true or false?
25. RX Tyler1 Accepts His 6 Years Old Friend Invites 1|I would hate to being well known on social media or games because I can't stand notifications. I would have to clean their- clear them out. Bro, you're talking about these 50 friend requests? Every single one of my accounts- I've never clicked these, by the way. Never. Should I just add these people for being the first 50 people- I- wait a minute- so, I haven't touched these since I made the account in season- when I got unbanned, you think these people still play? I kinda want to add them and see unless they get like re-priority but then- like- like this guy baseballjosh73. That's a normie ass name. This guy does not still play I'm adding him. Nope, no ranked games, nothing this season. Match history in twenty- oh I guess it was two months ago.
26. RX Tyler1 Accepts His 6 Years Old Friend Invites 2|I guess it was two- I guess he played a little bit. He played four games this year. His last game was 2022. He'll never know he was added, bro. Unfriend. This guy's online, what the fuck? Should I message this guy? Yo what's up? Just added you cause you accepted one. Yeah but would he appeared at the bottom? This guy was on the bottom. Let me ask. If I say just now will you remove me? How do I remove this guy in uh in champ fucking- champ loading screen? How do I remove him? Is there a way to remove this guy? Piece of shit. Block on the wheel up here? I'm not-
27. RX Tyler1 Accepts His 6 Years Old Friend Invites 3|Type slash unfriend? Yeah that's going to work. [Laughterr] Now look at him trying to be like wait a minute. If I beat you in a 1v1 you have to keep me added. Yes bro I think I'll 1v1 you. Are these people delusional? Scared? Are you scared? Not my time. Let's go back to adding people. Let's go back to adding these guys and seeing when the last time they played was. Again, this account was made in season six- or excuse me season- the day I got or the like weekend before I got unbanned and these requests have been filled. All right so this guy added me and has not played in like three years. On to the next. This guy plays flex.
28. RX Tyler1 Accepts His 6 Years Old Friend Invites 4|Played one game two months ago. That was his only game in the last two years. Not looking too hot guys, not looking too hot. This guy hasn't played in three- since I was unbanned, probably. Riot what happened? Okay this guy played a little bit at the start of the year so it's been a year. Tyler, are people who added you years ago? Yes and we're seeing it that they still play. Thighlover even, thighlover quit. It's been a year since thighlover played. No dude I'm trying to find one that's online. They didn't quit they were banned. So you think sheleftme got banned? Now something else happened to him. What bro? Type it. You went to Happy Land? Oh I want to go. I want to go. I want to go. I love Happy Land! Dude these people, these people.
29. Tyler1 x Fortnite LEAKED|You still play Fortnite? Not right now but spoiler alert, I got something coming up in a couple weeks that I'm going to have to actually practice Fortnite for. Seriously, we're going mainstream. He's got a skin. Yes I have a Fortnite skin coming. How did you guys know?
30. Tyler1 on Macaiyla_s Pregnancy Privileges|Caiyla just got home. She was excited because today was the first day she like, the grocery store has a for pregnant or expecting, like a pregnancy parking, so she got to park up front and use it. I was telling her she was probably like so extra with it like pulling up her shirt to her stomach and like rubbing her stomach and, wait a minute does that mean if I'm driving her I could park there? And to be honest, if she's not even with me, can I park there? Because technically I'm expecting a child. No? Why not? You know how mentally like it's- it's- it's a mental thing for me like, I'm mentally expecting a child so why can't I? I'm mentally exhausted so I can't walk from the regular parking spot to the car or to- to the store- in the store. Is that true or false?
31. Tyler1 Finds REAL Monkey in Chat|Guy said "so what you dodged? Who care when you play for- play it for fun not, to won to won. Don't be stupid piece of shit." Previous message was "so what you lose? Not care when you play for fun not to won to won. Don't be a piece of shit," right? And then his profile picture's this. D'you think that's a selfie? Do you think there's a monkey actually operating this account? "Let's go hornn, this guyed carrrying if have seen one. This Garven even stupidier- stupidier thatn I thinked EU could be honesly. Funny to me how you are one and sevan yet you sayed this is junkle fault? Are you stupid or choose to play idiot? Answer loltyler1. Your Jacks is tiring to carry you but you refute this is why you have been losted. You just have to get let the top laner have won this game for you." I think it's an actual monkey. Oh yeah it's a monkey. Ah yeah it's a monkey. There it is there is that "Ninja's live poggers" that- that monkey. Also dropped a KYS. Oh shit, oh shit. This monkey went rogue bro. Oh fuck, oh God, wait a minute. Woah wait a minute. That was sick five years ago hold on. All right what did you say man? Old Twitch holy. Yeah I mean that's a little bit more than old Twitch. That guy said the F-word, the K-word, couple TriHards then just yeah then at one point just told somebody to kill themselves so I yeah. The crazy part is that guy only had fifty messages. I mean he's gotten value out of every one of those messages I'd have to say.
32. Tyler1 Reveals His Daughter Name|You have a name for your daughter yet? Yes, Helga. Helda Steinkamp. What? You guys think that's a bad name? Helga? No it's not Helga. Well true, if her name was actually Helga I feel like from birth she'd squat like five hundred pounds, deadlift four hundred, bench three hundred just by default.
33. Tyler1 Rap 1|I just came on this Discord to do a little talking with my friends. They don't exist ha I'm all alone, what's to say? It sucks but hey all I do is shoot box. Now you prob'ly thinking who am I to spend ? so not in this ?. My best friend all fucking night, even though she look like a dyke.
34. Tyler1 Rap 2|You don't really mind it feels so goddamn good when I insert my dick and I get that fucking head. Lower the tread is what they called me. ? My hair looks like ?. Don't go, that's what's funny. These are all muscles and I am all snuscles and okay that's it from me. Bye bye call me the emcee.
35. Tyler1 Rap 3|I'm back, I've been blacked, I've been sacked, I've been lacked. See 'em. They say I'm black but that's wrong I'm not. I'd like to spit fire, call me by her. I'd buy lots of drugs and I'll buy lots of dough and the thing we call life and the thing we call the world. Ooh, burn, I like to swim, I like to sing but sometimes I forget what the wing.
36. Tyler1 Rap + Rant|Like I'm crying, I'm flying high. Always high, so high. Got that weed smoke in my eye. Sometimes I just kinda wanna die but life is life. Damn I need a life. You really went out of your way to bring him back into the fucking chat room? Now it's fucking ruined.
37. Tyler1 Rant 1|It's why I told- it's why I had fucking Conrad bring- cause Conrad's on here all the time. I said, Conrad bring people in who you know. Idiots. One hundred percent on purpose. You should see my days off. My Twitter DMs are death threats. Like hahaha like- like people- fucking pronounce they have like a ? to the name of shit sending me death threats.
40. Riot Please FIX THE GAME|Remove ranked check dude. I don't understand why these aren't considered. Like all my queue time reduction problems are up to date, good changes. Like it is the- it is a culture shift in gaming. It would help. Nobody wants to wait. It's zoomer paradise. Everybody is like has to be given satisfaction now. Reduce the- the- take my suggestions bro, reduce the time and all the shit I say to reduce the time in. There's no downside. What is the downside? The downside is what? People don't have time for what? Yes they do. They have so much time to think and dodge. People only dodge if- people do not dodge autofill, not on my team at least. People only dodge if they're outdrafted. That is the only thing.
43. Tyler1 Almost Didn_t Made It To The Meet and Greet 3|hahaha good one bro, good one. So I get to the terminal bro the flight's delayed by an hour, okay whatever. I'm waiting for an hour, right? I had just got off of work bro, waited for an hour, waited two hours. Lady uh the agent at the front was like "it turns out the flight from Dallas has turned around and it is now going back to Dallas." I said lady what the fuck? I gotta be somewhere. Lady, millions are counting on me to be somewhere. What do you mean it turned around? "We'll update- we'll update you guys when we know more info um if you want to reschedule your flight please come to the front." Like a hundred people- I'm not waiting in a hundred person line. You know who I am? No offense, do you know who I am lady? Do you know who I am? You want me to wait in a hundred person line? You're kidding me, so I'm waiting whatever. I check my email it says "your flight has been delayed for like 7:30. Your flight's been delayed to 8:30. Your flight's been delayed to 9:30, to 10:30, to 1 a.m., to 2 a.m., to 5 a.m." Okay- I'm- at this point I'm like I'll wait like two hours. The agents went home, they left, they're all gone.
44. Tyler1 Almost Didn_t Made It To The Meet and Greet 4|You couldn't have updated us? You said you would update us when the flight- if the flight was coming back or not. So do I- I gotta go back home now. I could have kept streaming out of all this time so I go back home. I have to wake up bright and early 5 a.m., same day, same day. On- this is Saturday. I got a flight on Saturday. This is just to see you pieces of shit. This is all for you guys by the way, right? Now I'm- 5 a.m I'm- I've just gotten to my hotel which, by the way DreamHack, we've got to do better. That was a woof! That hotel was. I get in there, the fire detector isn't going- it's just going off every like- almost like the battery is low beep. Right in my hotel room beep like- like please, I'm trying to get three hours of sleep please beep, beep. So then I- you're not supposed to touch it, right. I don't care. I didn't- I didn't grab a chair, I didn't need one. I just stood up, I just like took it off and I started messing with it and shit. I don't care bro beep, beep, I messed with it. Now though I actually press the button and now it's just going off like a fire detector beep, beep, beep, beep, beep. I had to call the front desk, oh my God. Like twenty minutes later, they send somebody, they finally fixes it okay. Now I got like two hours to sleep before I gotta do this meet and greet which whatever it's been like two hours, went there, blah blah blah.
48. Tyler1 on US Meet and Greet 4|Please keep playing it, bro. I'm like hey, will do, bro. Like, goddamn A-squad getting- A-squad getting kind of rowdy nowadays. E- hey, EU crowd wasn't like that. I think it's an innate thing. I think it's just NA crowds, bro. Seriously, did not expect that. Booing chat, starting to riot cause I wasn't picking them, that GP 1v1. Bro that GP 1v1. Riot is fucking- there was some racial profiling going on. Seriously, that's all I'm saying. That guy crit me three top. Like, I swear to God, three to four times, just straight racial profiling. One hundred percent by the way. I've never seen anything like that. Shit was trash. Then the LeBlanc guy had to be ghosting from the big screen. He was ghosting for sure. And which one did I lose Zed? Ah, I trolled. The LeBlanc guy low-key cooked you. Holy shit bro, nice I definitely play LeBlanc, you know? ? was better. EU or NA? I think EU or NA IRL went much better. Like, NA's IRL portion was much better. I think the stream was better on the EU because of just the camera quality, et cetera, et cetera. Or like the stream setup was much better. So, NA has the IRL, EU stream was better. But next time we'll get them all.
59. Tyler1 RAGE and TILT Reacting to 13.12 LoL Patch Notes 9|Zeri! Oh, can I now stop telling my teammates to ban it? Okay, here we go. We must be increased passive removed. Two passive out of this place no longer acts anyway. Chain E critical strike multiplier increased. And we certainly start taking Triforce build. Okay, but I don't get okay. But so Zeri's been broken with like five different tiers, right? First it was tank, then it was just regular crit. Did they change W and it was like AP Zeri. Now it's- it was crit again. Now it's tank. So it's not guys. It wasn't the the full Trinity thing, but they say they removed more. So let's see. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. Ardent. I don't care. Galeforce. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I can't read it. I can't read it. Over to heal from twenty to thirty. Three hundred basic level to eleven maximum health. So it's better if you like on Cho'Gath. Wait. So if I have like if I have a 10,000 HP Cho'Gath game-
60. Tyler1 RAGE and TILT Reacting to 13.12 LoL Patch Notes 10|And I have eleven percent and I have overheal and I have eleven percent of max health, how much bonus HP is that shield? Like a thousand? 1.1k? 1.1k shield if I can heal. Systems, dude. Like they're even changing like this, like mid lane and red buff, which by the way, I begged- by the way, I begged for a red buff nerf years ago. I don't know why it was never nerfed in the first place. It's disgustingly broken. HP regen, burns, slow, true- it's disgusting, finally, years ago. Okay so now mid lanes with the same amount of minions. Cool man. Late game damage output retaining it slow. The less health regen, flow amount reduced, less damage, overall nerf. Like I said, I've been begging for that. And honestly, it is. I don't know, bro. I'm so sick of this shit. It is dude. It's to the point where it's not even worth trying to like master the game or play and like learn shit because in two weeks, it's all gonna be changed. It's like the fifth straight patch they've done it. I do not understand what is going on over there. It has got to be bad for business what these guys are doing. It has got to be. Oh, whatever, bro.