100. Tyler1 REALISED What Really Got Him CHAT BANNED 3.wav|Okay. I don't know what I said here, by the way. Oh, I meant mid gap is too big and I hit, oh wait, that's why I got, oh, wait a minute. Wait. That's actually a mistype because B is by N and I was like, mid gap is too big. Wait a minute. So I, so I got a warning from this game because I said that that's not caught. I meant to type big, it was a mistype.
101. Tyler1 REALISED What Really Got Him CHAT BANNED 4.wav|Bro, I mistype all the time. Wait, so that's why I got a warning at first. Does that actually mattered? I was sweating. I'm not, that's crazy. <laugh>, I knew you were racist. I'm not racist. Look down at your keyboard. Be an in are right by each other. Yeah, there's not gonna be one. I was like, bro, there's no way. I got a one week chat restriction, plus a ranked ban for first offense. That explains it.
82. Tyler1 $1 MILLION Idea for Riot Games.wav|Upheld up mana stride breaker. Dude, you know what I was talking about a couple patches ago. They should add like mini videos into their patch notes that like, give examples of this, of like the new effect. I feel like in video form it'd be much better. Like how am I, like I bro, I don't wanna take the time to comprehend what you're saying. Give me a mini video. Give gimme like a YouTube short or like a TikTok reel. I don't watch TikTok. I watch YouTube shorts, but I'm just saying Minus 5 ad on Collector, Ghost Blade Melee stays the same, range gets less movement Speed.
83. Tyler1 After Seeing Yorick BUFF 1.wav|Nice. We're buffing the most broken champion in the game. Guys, let's go. The most broken champion in the game. The reason York's win rate is so bad is because only terrible players play York, by the way, only terrible.
84. Tyler1 After Seeing Yorick BUFF 2.wav|Like brain off 25 IQ people play York. If good players played York, they'd win every game. So he needs no buff. I'm just saying. It's true. The champ's fucking broken. It's true. If I, if I, I don't, I don't. If I start seeing York in my game, I'll just instant, firstly, I'll dodge and then if I keep seeing him after he, after I dodge, I'll start Perving him. This is the abomination of League of Legends, York.
85. Tyler1 on his Condition 1.wav|I probably like wondered. Big chunk of tea. Where you been? Dude, I am having a crazy issue with my throat actually. Like actually, actually nothing else is wrong. I don't have a headache. I don't have a cough. I don't feel sick. I'm not weak. I can eat the left. Oh, whoa, look at me now. The left side of my throat, like right here, it's almost like there's an open wound. So if I ever like yell or do anything loudly, it hurts.
86. Tyler1 on his Condition 2.wav|I went to the doctor. Right? I went to the doctor on Saturday. I do not have strep throat. It is not strep throat. I took one of those strep throat tests. Um, but the doctor did prescribe me medicine 'cause she told that I was like inflamed a little bit and she was like, uh, yo, it'll be better in 24 hours. Guarantee. She said that. 24 hour guarantee. Uh, respectfully speaking bit. Lady. That was on Saturday. Um, yeah, it's still lingering. I take like three pills a day, bro. It is killing me.
87. Tyler1 on his Condition 3.wav|It's weird though. Be also, I haven't had blood rush in four days, by the way. Four days. This is the longest I've went without blood rush since 2019. God, about five years, by the way. No, I can't drink it. I, dr. I can't drink anything but water actually. And I had to drink water slowly because if I don't, it's like a, like I, it is excruciating pain right here. It's getting better though. That's why I'm live today. It is getting better.
89. Tyler1 on his Condition 4.wav|But I was doing my pregame vocal exercises before work and it was hurting a little bit. So, good day. A little bit easy today. Not sure how long we're streaming. Probably not gonna be any, I'm probably am gonna even right here. This is probably too loud for me guys. I'm not gonna lie. Probably about right here. Probably about right here, guys. About right here.
90. Tyler1 on Riot Delaying Vanguard 1.wav|Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Oh, they rescheduled it. Pushing back Vanguard till next batch, bro. Drop it. Now. I'm telling you, there is more people scripting than you can possibly imagine. It's the little things. I only notice if they're scripting, pretty much if they're on Xerath or they're playing AD Carry. But bro, people are scripting off like not those champions, like people are scripting men. It's disgusting. There's scripting abilities hit, and it's not just movement.
91. Tyler1 on Riot Delaying Vanguard 2.wav|So I can't wait for this to go live. Hopefully it works. I can't wait to see all these scripter's ranks just plummet. I can't. If it works, hopefully it works. They are, bro. There's so many shameless scripters. Well, I feel like there wasn't, but I feel like what happened was people assumed every, like, people assumed that their opponent was scripting every game. So like, fuck it, I'm gonna script. And they start scripting and then the next person starts scripting. But it, they're actually scripting. And it's not just movement, it's their abilities for 100%. All ranks 100%.
92. Tyler1 on the Food Delivery Scam 1.wav|My mom didn't come this week with my loot box, right, because I, it's a short week. So bro, I ordered for the, I never order DoorDash or GrubHub ever, but I have that GrubHub. Guys, remember that long time ago I had that GrubHub sponsor and I got free gift cards, like free a hundred dollar gift cards. So I was like, you know what? Yesterday morning I was awake at 2 AM I waited till 7 AM I said, you know what, bro? Let's get some Mickey D's breakfast.
93. Tyler1 on the Food Delivery Scam 2.wav|I'm, I'm, ooh, I'm showing out. Let's get some McDonald's breakfast. Tell bro, there is no way this is real, by the way, how does a bacon, egg and cheese biscuit from McDonald's, one of those lanky low quality biscuits cost $5 and 42 cents for one? By the way, you have got to be kidding.
94. Tyler1 on the Food Delivery Scam 3.wav|Kayla was like, oh, it's, it's just because you're using the app, bro. A hash brown was like, two and a half dollars, one hash brown. What is going on, man? Then I, then later on in that day, I was like, Hey, I, I still got a GrubHub gift card. Let's get Wendy's right, two 10 piece chicken nuggets, a medium fry and a large chocolate frosty, $41. There is no way.
95. Tyler1 on the Food Delivery Scam 4.wav|Bro who is using food delivery apps seriously. Like I know that people, uh, like it's cheaper in store, whatever, but bro, it, the, the food delivery no tip before was like 15 bucks. It cost me 40. I swear to God it was 40 dollars, bro. I dunno how they stay in business because who is doing this? It is crazy, man. It is crazy.
96. Tyler1 Reacts to Illaoi Buffs.wav|Illaoi. What's up queen? Passive tentacle range increased. Damage decreased. Map change in 14.1 resulted in drop to power for Illaoi. It's items. Hey, dudes for tentacle speed, I know for older train its items believe to make tools reliable on the rift. However, the, that means damage, blah, blah, blah. Those change neutral to better to the kind. It's items got 125 tentacle range and a tentacle damage went down. It's items. It's items. Alawi is weak because of items, or alawi was so broken before because of items that now she feels terrible because of items. So whatever.
97. First Time on Tyler1_s Stream.wav|Everybody real quick, sorry. Off topic. Can we please give a warm welcome to Gonknoid? He is now tuning in for his first Tyler one stream. He's coming from YouTube. What's up Gonk? Glad to have you to the broadcast brother. Let's slay.
98. Tyler1 REALISED What Really Got Him CHAT BANNED 1.wav|Hmm, Hmm. I see my logs. They're showing me my logs. Okay. The first three times they didn't show me. Okay, so let's, like I already know what happened. Let's see, word rafters. Bot versus Veigar is bad. Why Baron is up in 10. So like I was chill. This was, I wish there was a timestamped to the game. This was at like one minute, 20 seconds into the game. 10 minutes, bot. I didn't type anything. Bot versus Veigar is bad, right? And then right here, my team did that dumb ass play I talked about in the Brand game. So I was like, why?
99. Tyler1 REALISED What Really Got Him CHAT BANNED 2.wav|Baron's up in 10 minutes. Why? I don't understand. What that- what the- fight ff please. And I was like, R-tards. But I was like, you know what? That didn't feel good enough. Let me out now. Thank you. Yeah. You fucking sucked. Dick. Monkey r-tards. Ha. Okay. I forgot I said this part. I couldn't help it. I couldn't help it. I- they threw, they threw, I was pissed.